i would like 4 hats and you can have the rest .
deal
you can have all the hats if i get the book and basketballs .
hi i would like the book and ball and you can have the hats
ill take the book
deal
i can give you either the book or the ball
ok i will take the hats and ball
i would like the hat and 3 books
i need to have the hat
no it's not
let me have two books and the hats
cant do it
so the hats and a book for me ?
im a reader , so id like the books . . . . you may have the hats and ball
its a trilogy so i really need to hold on to all the books
ok , well best i can do is 2 books and the ball then . . . anything less and i cant make a deal
yes
lemme get that book and ball !
i'll take the book and two hats then ?
i need 2 balls and a hat
ok
hello . i would like the book and one ball .
i need the book or it's no deal .
ok no deal
alright
alright no deal
you can have one ball 1 hat
no deal i am keeping the book
okay sounds good
okay
okay its no deal
i love basketball and reading
both balls ?
ok i want the hat and you can have the rest
ok
no . i want the hat and the balls
yeah or 1 ball and 1 book
okay deal ill take the books and the balls you can have only the hat
i really just need the 2 books and 1 hat
you mean both balls ?
ok i will take both books and you can have the rest
well now . i see two of everything . how about we split it down the middle ?
hmm . i could give you the two books , but i'd need both hats and both books in exchange .
gah , yeah . sorry .
deal
gimme books and hat
yes
i would like the ball and two books
can i have one book
2 ball 1 book
i'll take the hat , you can have the rest .
i can give you the hat and the balls if i keep the books .
can you either give me the hat or 3 of the books ?
yeah i have no idea how to do that .
oh , how about i get 2 books ?
yes .
i would like the balls , hat and 2 books
sorry that wont work .
sorry looks like we wont be making a deal
we keep saying no deal until the no deal button appears
you get 2 books and i get the rest ?
deal
so you want me to only have the ball ? no deal make me a better offer
no deal ill take the books and the ball you can have the rest
no ill take the books the hats and the balls then
it is an option .
you did not suggest hat and ball . you suggested i take the ball , that makes you unreasonable so dont be a hypocrite . you can have only the hats at this point
if i can have the hats and the books you can have the ball
i will take the hats and two books and you can have the rest
i can take the hats and one book and you can have the res
clearly that isn't an option
well it isn't going to happen . you can either try to make a deal or not . i am suggesting that i take the hats and a book or the ball . you are not being reasonable by wanting everything
hi there . i'd like a hat and a book , thank you much .
gracias !
deal
i need both balls and 1 book
okay so i get both balls and 1 book
deal .
i'd like 2 hats , and 1 ball .
let's split them in half
i need that ball so bad ! what do you want ?
could i also have one hat maybe ? pretty please ?
if that's the offer , then you just take the book because they have no value for me .
i mean i'll take the rest
you drive a hard bargain here , ball and a book ?
hello , how about i get the book and the hats and you can have the balls ?
ok , so the book and 2 balls for me and you get the hats and a ball ?
no i want the hats and a ball
yes sounds perfect . deal
i would like the ball and the books
i can not do that . i do need the ball .
you can have both hats . can i have 1 book and the ball ?
okay . deal
i will give you both books and a hat
if you give me both hats and both books i will give you the ball
no i need both hats and both books
hi , i would like the ball and 2 hats and you can have the book and 1 hat
ok , i can do that .
i rather like the ball also . you can have all three hats if i get the ball and book .
hello , i would like the hats , and you can have the rest . i can also take 2 hats and the ball , giving you 1 hat and the books .
yeah i can do that , where i get 2 hats and the books as well
deal
could i have the ball and 1 hat ?
yes . deal ?
i'll take the book and hat , you can have the balls
i'll take the book , you can have the rest
i really need that hat and two balls
deal
i would like 1 of each
i'll take ball and 1 hat
ok
i can't do that . i'll take the ball 2 books
no sorry . how about i take the ball and you get the rest ?
i would like the ball and the books
thats not going to work for me unfortunately . i need the ball and at least 1 book minimum
yes please . thank you
you can have the books but i would like the ball .
hmm . okay , i think i can work with that . i take the hats , you get the ball and books ?
okay , it's a deal .
i'd like the basketball and the hat , you can keep all 4 books ?
deal .
i need the hats you can have everything else
no deal . i need the hats or no deal .
no deal .
no deal .
no deal .
what would you like
you take all balls and i keep everything
no deal
no deal
no
balls and hats for me
yes deal
can i have one ball and the book ?
i'm interested in the book and both balls in exchange for the hats .
i think that's fair . i agree . 1 book , 1 ball for me . . . rest for you .
definitely not both balls . we could split them ?
deal !
ok , i get rest
i want the ball
deal
i can give you the hat and one of the books .
i'll take books and hat if you want the balls
ok
hello
id rather give the balls than the hat
ill give you 2 balls and 1 book
hi . may i have the books and 1 hat ?
if i can have both the books and 1 ball , you can have the rest .
deal !
ok deal
i need 2 hats and 1 ball .
i can part with the hat , but not 2 balls . i'll need at least two of them to make a deal .
i'll take two balls and the book .
i would like the hat and two balls
okay , i'll take the hat , one ball and one book ?
sounds good
thanks
if i can have the balls and the book you can have the hats
great ! thank you !
i'll take one of each if that's ok ?
ok
i need 2 hats . you can have the rest
i get the books and a ball deal
i want two hats
deal
i can give you one hat and the ball . i want 2 books and 1 hat
sorry , i won`t make a deal without a hat
sorry can`t do
yesh no deal , sorry
no deal
i need the hats and the ball
i have to have both hats and the ball or both hats and a book to make a deal
if you take 1 hat i have to have everything else
no deal
no deal
okay
you can have the balls if i can have the book and hat
you can have the balls and one hat
okay thank you .
i'd like the hats and balls . what do you want ?
okay .
i need the same . if i can't have the balls i can't make a deal
okay deal .
i need the balls and the hat
you can have the balls if i can have everything else
fine , i get both hats
i'll take the book and two balls you .
take all the balls i keep everything else
can i keep a hat at least , its cold
deal
nah , hats and a ball for me
ok , two hats and 2 balls for me
how many balls do you need
could you just take the hat and give me the rest ?
okay ill give you the hat and balls
i need the balls and a hat
both
not possible
great
ill give you all books with a hat , i get to keep a hats
deal
i'd like the hats and books
how about this , i get the hats you take everything else . deal ?
i'd like book and 1 ball or hat ?
deal .
hi , i would like 2 balls and 1 hat .
hmm , how about i get the 2 balls and you keep the rest ?
i want the balls . i can offer you the rest .
2 balls and a book to me ? if so that works for me .
can i have 1 ball and give you a book for it ?
i'd like the ball and two hats .
you can have the ball . i'll take the book and we can split the hats .
unfortunately the ball is highest value to me . only way i can give the ball up is if you give me everything else . otherwise , i can take the ball and the book and leave you the hats .
deal
sounds like a deal !
i will take 1 book and 1 ball
thanks
i want the hat and 2 balls
ok deal
one ball and one hat for you
ok
the ball and one hat
what would you like
fine
i need both hats and a book if you want all the balls
so 3 balls for you , the rest to me ?
i'd like the balls for sure ; i'd like a hat but only if they're not of value to you .
oh fine
yep , deal
ideal would be the ball and two hats .
deal , i'll take the ball and one hat .
what do you want ?
i'd need the book at 3 hats to be at 6 . that's the best i can do .
the book and hat for me
deal
hat and two balls for me
it would be hard for me to part with a hat . how about you get the ball and both books , and i keep the hats .
okay , deal .
i'd like the ball and one hat
find , , ill just get the ball . i don't need the books
that works , i could definitely put a hat and the basketballs to use .
i do a lot of reading outside and could really use a book and a hat .
basketballs with hats on them are so cute . thanks
i'd like to have 2 balls , please . you can have the rest
that sounds ok
can i have the the book , one hat and one ball
i really need that book too , you take book i take the rest
i'd like the two hats and the book .
you can have the three balls and a hat but i need that book .
deal . i get the book you can have the rest .
i would like the hat , the rest to you
i would like hat and 2 balls
i accept
i like 1 book 1 hat and 1 ball
i really need that book more then balls
ok , deal
i can offer 2 balls
i can offer the book and 1 ball
i can give you the books . i need the hat and ball
i need it and the hat
deal
i would like the books and the ball .
are you sure you split with the ball . .
okay - as long as i get the books thats fine .
you take the hats and i will take the book and the ball
okay
no deal . i want the book and the hats .
i need the hat and ball you can have all the books
why don't you make me an offer
not gonna happen , i have no wiggle room i need the hat and the ball
that is my only offer
no deal
what do you need ?
that's not gonna work for me . i've got some flexibility , but not that . what else can you do ?
all books and the hat ?
well then why would i make you an offer ? that's the same thing you said before !
then no .
i would all the books and one ball and one hat
ok i will take the 3 books and one hat
you can take all the books but i would like 2 balls at least and one hat
cool done deal !
i need the balls as well . can we split the difference ?
i would need the ball and two hats in order to make it work and that is giving me a very low score
okay thank you !
can i have balls ? you can have the rest .
ok . can i have 1 ball , 1 hat , and 1 book ?
ok . i can take 1 ball and the book .
hi , can i have all the balls ?
sure , deal
deal !
if i can get the books you can have the rest
if i can have the book , you can have the rest
okay that works ! thank you !
can i have the book and the hat ?
i would like all the balls and the hat .
deal .
hi i would like the ball and hats and you can have the books
sorry that wont work for me . no deal
i need the books and the hat
i need the books and 1 ball
i will take the books , you take the rest
eh everything really low for me i can give you the books
that leave me with only few points , i really cant afford give up the balls or hat at all
hi , i need the ball .
yes , just the ball is enough for me .
ok just the ball then
ok
that doesnt work for me
i get the rest
can i have the book and hat , you keep the balls ?
hmm , need the book ; what's your offer ?
sure
i'd like balls . you can have rest .
i would like the book and the hat .
sorry , i need the book .
positive . i can take the book and give you the rest even . that's the only option i have .
no problem . no deal then .
i think if we send a certain amount of messages it'll pop up . no deal .
i'd like the book and a ball
same . i don't think i can make a deal without the book . you sure you can't take the hat and even all three balls ?
honestly that's the only option i have as well . no deal .
i think we have to wait a moment for it to let us select no deal
agreed , no deal
i want the books and one ball
ok , deal
i need the hat and at least one book
i would like just 2 books and 1 hat
actually i would like 2 books and 2 hats ?
ok ill keep 2 books and 1 hat u have the rest
and i can have 1 hat and 3 balls ?
no sorry , i dont mind the books but i need 1 hat
thanks
which items do you want ?
how about you take two balls and one book and i'll take one ball one hat and one book ?
the balls and a book
deal
how about you take the books , i take the rest
i need the ball and you can have the rest
not going to work , i need atlest one hat and the ball
i'll take that deal
i need the book and the hat you can have the rest
then i need the book and 3 balls
deal
i cannot give up the hat and the book
you can have the book and two balls
deal .
give me your books and ill give you hats and ball
book and two balls for me
ok deal
how about book and 1 ball , i get the rest
can i get the balls and the hat ?
ok , how about i take the hat and two balls and you take the rest ?
no . i actually need the balls more than the hat . i really should keep them all .
my kid brother's birthday is tomorrow and i havent had time to shop . we will need to split the balls . i don ; t need the hat but i do love to read
how about i get 2 balls and the books and you get the rest ?
alright i'm feeling nice tonight . i will take the books and 1 ball
i can let you have the ball , but only if i get everything else .
we can split 3 and 3 - - you take the hats , i get the books and ball .
back to where we started . you can have a book and a hat , i'll take the rest .
the number of items hardly matters , only their values .
best i can do is give you the ball and one hat .
i want the book ant two hats
deal
i want one of each .
will you take the book and one hat instead ?
the ball is critical to me . would you allow me to take the ball and two books ?
i'd like 3 items as well
ok . i'll take the ball and one book then
i'll take a ball book and a hat
how anout the ball and one book
anything below that and i'm sunk mathmatically
one hat one book to me , all else to you
okay
i can't give up the ball and the hat . how about i get the ball and 2 books .
not if i can have the ball and the hat .
well i can't just take the books .
okay that will have to work .
i would like the ball and hat
do you need the books ?
i dont want them at all
ill take 1 book 1 ball
i want the ball and two hats
ok
can i have ball and book ?
how about you take all hats and book ?
hello .
no . i will take the book . you can have the hat and three balls
you keep the balls i keep the hat and the book
okay
if i can have the ball and the books you can have the hats
okay deal . you can have one book and the hats .
deal .
i will need at least one book .
ok .
i want the balls . you can have the rest .
that's not going to happen , i'd like the book and 1 ball
i'll give you the book for both balls and both hats
deal
i'd like all the hats and the book
i'll give you both balls if i can have the book
no go . you can have the book and one ball and i'll take both hats and one ball .
i would like 1 book and 1 ball
thanks
deal
i'll take the books . you can have the rest .
ah ok . well then i disagree ; )
yes
ok , but just to avoid getting the system warning i'm going to pretend to disagree . i disagree !
haha ok , so you just want the books ? because that works for me .
cool , it's a deal
if i can have the book and the balls you can have the hats
i can't accept that deal . can i have one of each ?
then i would need everything else if you take the book
okay thank you !
i cant accept that . how about i get the book and 1 hat , and you can get the balls and 1 hat ?
i cant let go of the book .
deal
what is more valuable to you , the book or ball ?
i can offer you the book if you give me everything else
book
i need the book and the balls
so i get the book and 2 hats ? that's a deal
i have to have the book
no , i need at least one other item
i need the books , then i also need either a ball or a hat
so i get books and a ball ?
i can do the book and 2 hats or one of each .
i meant for me . that's what i can do for me .
then i'll take the rest .
then i'll take 2 hats and 2 books .
sorry . i meant i'll take 2 hats and 2 balls not book .
yes .
i'd like the ball and one hat
yeah , i need the ball , too . i'll take the ball and you can have the rest
oh , it's 9 for me , too !
well , how about i take the hats and the book , you get the ball
deal thanks
i have to have ball . you can have the rest .
ball is 9 for me . no deal .
haha . i guess we no deal till the button then . lol .
sounds good to me .
hi , i want the ball and hat , you can have the 3 books
deal
i just want the 2 books
deal .
i have to have the balls with the book to make that work
how about i take 1 ball and the hats , you take 1 ball and the book
not possible , i need the same thing . no deal
no deal
no deal
you can have the book if i can have the hats and balls
i cannot give up the balls because they are too valuable to me
i would need the ball , 2 hats and the book
ok no deal
agreed
i'd like balls .
ill take the rest
would you be willing to take all 3 hats instead ?
i'd prefer to keep the balls ; i'll accept your initial offer ; you can keep all the hats , they are no value to me . - - i'll just take the two balls .
one book and two hats for me , the rest for u
negative , book and a hat and a ball will work
okay !
i get the book since i love to read and a ball . you get the hat and 2 balls
unfortunately , that will not work for me . i would like the ball and two books and you can have the hat and two books if that works for you
great ! thank you !
i would like the hat and the ball
perfect , i'll take the hat and 2 books
balls are five , so i need one ball and all books and you keep the rest
that won't work
no deal
no deal
no deal
if i can have the balls and the hats you can have the books
you can have one ball and one book
okay then no deal . sorry the balls are the most for me as well
no deal
no deal
i will give you all 3 basketballs if i get the book and hat
if you give 2 balls and the hat we could have a deal
give me all 3 ball and the book and we have a deal
i'll take one of each .
no , you may have all three balls and i will take the book and the hat .
i must have the hat . the balls are 0 to me .
deal .
deal .
i'll take the bsall , you can have the rest .
if i can have the hats and the ball you can have all of the books
what will work for you ?
okay , i need those as well . maybe we can split the difference . i can take the ball and two books and you can take the hats and one book ?
would you like two books instead of one ?
okay well what will work for you ? i need the same items as you so i am trying to make a deal that will be beneficial to both of ua
i am not on here to play you . i am on here to get the task done .
no that will not work for me . i need the ball and the hats as well that is why i offered for you to take both hats and a book and for me to have the ball and two books
the books are not worth anything to me . i was just trying to split the difference you can have two hats and two books if you want . final offer .
hi what would you like
sorry thats not going to work with me
i need the ball and hat the books are too low for me
idk that seems too low for me
i dont know 2 books instead of one wont work
how do i know youre not playing me ?
can i have the ball and a hat then
no if you wont takt that the means they are worth alot to you so i cant let you have them because one ball and one hat is worth the same as the rest for me
sorr y no deal like i said the 3 books and 1 hat is worth the same as 1 ball and 1 hat
no . how about i get the ball and you get the rest .
no it has to be even . i'll take the ball and you get everything else . that seems fair .
you must be seeing different values than me . i want the ball .
hello i would like the ball , the hat , and 2 books .
no . i will take the ball and 1 book .
i will take the ball and no books .
then it seems we have reached an impasse .
i will take the books and the hat .
ok
i need the hat and at least one ball , you can have the books .
i would like the books and the hat .
ok , so if i take two books , that's all you'll give me ?
if you give me the books , you can have the rest .
i would need all the balls , and at least a hat and one book or two books and all the balls .
it's hard for me the way my values are spread out . what is of littlest value to you ?
alright , deal .
hi , i'll take the basketball , you can have everything else ?
super
hey what do you want ?
both books
what about a book and ball ?
i'll give you 2 balls for 2 books
hmmm i'll give you the 2 balls and 1 hat
ok whatever 2 books for everything
you first
i can give you 1 book and a hat
both books then
i'll give you 2 books and i'll take the rest . . .
nope
i really need the ball , rest to you
what would you like
deal
what would you like
how about you get 3 hats
no deal
yes
yes
the balls and book
ball to me or no deal
agreed
yes
yup
we can share the balls and i'll take the hats
deal
balls and books for me
balls for me , everything else for you
what would you like ?
how about both books and one basketball ? i keep the hat .
i would like both books and the hat
that deal works for me
fine ! take 'em for all i care .
i would like the ball and the hat .
thanks honey .
i would like the hats . i can offer you the rest .
deal
can you trade either a ball or hat for a book ?
could you trade another book for a ball or is that too much ?
ok , so 1 book , 1 hat , 1 ball for me , 1 balls and 1 book for you ?
oops yeah sorry , meant to say 2 balls for you . wish this thing would let me type again haha .
cool , it'sa deal
i'd like to get two basketballs and one hat
i'll let go of the hat
i need at least two basketballs
yes so its 2 basketballs and 1 book for me . and you get 1 of each . is that okay with you ?
yeah that works out for me
what if i gave you the book and the hat and i'll take the 3 balls ?
i get a ball and the book . you get 2 balls and the hat . is it a deal
great
fine
hi , i just need the hat
i can give you all the balls , but only 1 other item if i do . how does all the balls and 1 hat sound ?
i would like all the balls and 2 other items of your choosing .
eh , i'll take it .
hi i absolutely must have the book .
ok that's good enough for me .
okay , if you take the book , i'll take the rest
deal
okay
hi . ill take the books and you can have the rest
i can give you the book , and 2 basket balls . i get 2 basketballs and the hat
ok , then i get the book and the basketballs , correct ?
ok deal
i would like 1 of each
the hat is a deal breaker for me , i can take just that
correct
you can have the hat , but i wanted the balls . how about i get all the balls and you get the rest ?
that doesn't leave me with much . will you accept the book and 1 ball ?
sorry i meant the hat and 1 ball . i'll take the books and 3 balls ?
hey there , i
sorry , accidentally hit enter . . . how about i take two hats and 1 ball ? or two balls and 1 hat ? i will let you keep the books .
books have no value to me . you take books and 1 of either balls or hats . right down the middle .
hats have no value to you ; books have no value to me . . . this part is obvious . - - then we share the balls , 1 each .
yep
ok , i would like the balls and books , you take the hats .
you take the hats and 1 book , i need the 2 balls and a book
hats have no value to me , i nee 2 balls and at least 1 book
so i get 2 books and 1 ball ?
ok deal
i need both hats and a ball
okay , you take books and ball
i'll take the books , but need one hat or the ball
if i can have the hats and the book you can have the balls
thank you !
ok deal
thanks
i will give you the hat and 2 balls but i want to keep the book and 1 ball
i want the hat and book and a ball
ok
i would love the 4 hats
sure
how about i give you three of the hats and one ball ? and i take one book and one hat ?
if i can have the hat i will give you everything else
thank you !
sure !
i want one of each
awesome !
i agree .
how about i get 1 hat and the book
if i can have the balls and the hats you can have the book
okay deal .
i will take 2 books
good
deal .
ball is worth much more to me
split the balls and hats and you take the book ?
i need the book and the balls you can have the hat
i can't make a deal without the balls
okay
deal .
ill give you the books if i can have the rest
okay deal
i need the hat and 1 ball
the hat is only worth 1 point for me and the ball is only 1 point
if i only get the hat i only have 1 point i at least need the book too to get two points please
i need hat
ok , you get hat i get rest
ok
i need the hat and book
you take the balls , i get the rest
ok deal
i would like the book . how about i take both balls and you can get both hats ?
sounds good .
can i take the balls and the hats ?
sorry , can`t do that . really need them
2 balls and one hat . i won`t go any low
no deal , that does not work for me . want the 2 balls and one hat . this is as low as i go
no deal then , sorry
just hats
just hats and one ball then
how about two hats one ball
yeah no deal
no deal
i'll take books and balls
okay i get the hats and a book
you want the hats ?
we could probably split the books .
sounds good
i'd like both balls , the rest to you
i'll take one ball , and one hat , the rest to you
aw , there's really no value in that for me . . any chance we can split these evenly down the middle ?
works for me , thank you !
if i can have the two books and the ball i can part with the three hats
okay so you will get the hats and i will get everything else
great
yep
i need 1 book , 1 hat and the balls
okay
i want 5 books in exchange for all the balls and 1 hat
i can give you 1 hat and the balls i need the books
deal
i can let you have two of the hats if i get everything else .
i want the hats .
deal .
i need the ball . you can have the rest .
it's 10 points .
no way to get that ball from you ?
its yours .
i need 1 ball 2 books
dont need hats
as i said i dont need hats at all , i can either give you the ball and hats and i take just books
yeah seems that way
no deal
i can not accept that deal . you can have the ball and one hat
then we will have the split the difference you can have one book and one hat and ill take one book and the hat and the ball
no deal . i don't think we are going to be able to make a deal because we both need the books
okay no deal .
i'm sorry . no deal .
i can give you one hat and one ball
i need the ball and the hats
deal
if i can have the balls and the hat you can have the books
if that deal won't work for you then i would need the balls and you can have the rest
i need both balls or no deal .
no , i'm sorry . the books are worthless to me .
i can't do that . they are worth too much to me . if that does not work for you we are at a no deal .
that won't work for me . do you like the hat or balls better ?
you can have one ball and one hat - i'll take the rest .
my books are only worth 3 - can't we trade two books for one of the balls ?
no balls is not a fair deal for me . we should each get one ball .
that's unfortunate , but it seems that's just how it must be . no deal .
what would you like
i can give you the ball and only the ball
ok fine adda book
thats would leave me with two
then leave me either the ball or the hat
ok i take hat and three books
well i would love the ball , then either he hat or 3 books
that will not work for me
no , add the hat
i take ball and hat , you get 3 books
i give u hate
no that wont work either
could i have two books and a ball please ?
i can live with that .
i really need at least one book - how about we split all the items and take one of each ?
ok
take all the balls i keep everything else
i want the hat and a book and a ball
ok
i can give you the hat and a book . this is fair points
no you can have 2 hats
no thats too much you can have only 3 hats or i walk away
no that does not work you get 3 hats and i will tkae the rest
to much you get 1 book only
no deal
no deal
no deal
nodeal
i want 1 book , and 2 balls
no 2 balls and 3 hats
no way , that does not work how about you get 3 hats i will take the rest
no i get 1 book , 1 ball , and 2 hats
i will take the book and 3 hats , you take the balls
ok i will take 1 book , 1 hat , and 1 ball
2 balls and 2 hats
i will take 1 ball and 1 book , you get the rest
i'd like 1 book and 2 hats please
sorry , i need the book , and at least 1 hat or 1 basketball
so i take 2 basketballs and 1 book and you get the hats ?
deal
no can do i need the hats and book
you can have the basketball and the book i will take both hats
yes
i really could use anything . what is good for you ?
how about i get 2 books and 1 ball
ok deal . i get 2 books and a hat and you get 2 balls .
i'd like the two balls and hat , leaving you with the two books . would you be willing to do that ?
can't do that . i'd be willing to give you both books and a hat . but i need both balls .
agreed , deal .
i want the ball and 2 books
i cant part with the ball
ok deal
i need the ball and the hat . would like a book as well .
if i give you the ball i would need the hat and all the books .
okay great ! thank you !
hi there ! id like the book , you can have everything else .
i'm afraid not . i can let you have all the hats if i get the ball and both books .
i need the ball . i can let you have a book and two hats .
okay , lets try this . i get both books and a hat . you get the rest .
can i get a ball , a hat and a book ?
cant do that . . . . . ball , hat and book get me 6 / 10
that only gives me 3 / 10 . . . . . i'll have to pass
ok
well lets hear your offer .
done !
i would like the 2 balls , you could have the rest
i'll give you the ball and two books if you give me both hats
yeah i think that might be my final
can i have the ball , 1 book and 1 hat
ok i do need the ball , and i could deal with 2 books also , is that your final offer ? or can we trade a hat for a book ?
i would like the hat and the book .
ok , deal .
i need the book and a ball
i will take 1 book and 1 ball
i only need the book .
i need the book . you can have the hats and the balls .
thats the only thing that will work for me .
the book is the only thing of value to me .
thank you .
i only need the book ?
that will not work for me
how about i take the book and you get the rest ?
ok this time i will bite the dust take the book
books have no use to me ; any chance you can allow me the balls and 1 hat , you keep the 2 books and 1 hat ?
the books are of no use to me . . . you can keep everything , i'll just take the balls if you cannot part with a hat .
i want 2 hats and 1 book
i need 2 hats - you keep the rest
okay - you get 2 balls
how about youhave two balls two hats and i'll go ahead and keep that book and one ball .
i'll take the balls and one book
ok that works for me
fari deal .
i need ball and 2 hats
i would like the books and the hat and at least one ball .
ok , i guess that works .
i can't do that , i will give you all the balls and one book , for the hat and one book .
deal .
i cannot give up the book . i would need a book and a hat
deal
i'l take the book , a hat , and a ball
how about a book and a ball ?
hello ! i would like the books and the rest is negotiable . what works best for you ?
how would you feel about splitting it all down the middle ? 1 book , 1 hat , 1 ball , other person gets 1 book , 2 hats ?
hats or ball worth any more for you ? or should i just take the 2 hats , and book , you take 1 of each ?
i'm not so sure about giving you the books
ok
i'll take 2 hats
hi . . . id like both hats and a ball
yes two hats and one ball for me , a ball and the book for you
care to counter or make an offer ? its not my job . give me two hats and we'r done
deal
one ball
no deal
ok you get two hats
book to me , all else to you
deal
could i please have the ball a hat and one book
alright you take the ball and i'll take the rest .
well the ball aint worth the much on its own to me so lets just divide it up if you get the ball and one hat i need all three books and one of the hats
if you take the ball , i need the rest
no , my ball isn't worth enough on it's own i would need a hat with it
deal
you can have all those hats in exchange for the book and ball .
i get the book for the ball
i need the balls as well . can i have two balls and one hat and the books ?
i do not think we can reach a deal . no deal .
you can have one ball and two hats
i would like the balls and one hat
no deal that would give me 3 points . i need 2 balls and 1 hat
i am willing to take 1 ball and eithr both hats or both books , your choice
i need the hats and the book
great
well that works perfect for me , i need the 2 balls
deal i get both balls and you get the rest ?
i want the books and hats
just books for you today , thank you
okay deal
so 3 hats and a ball for me and 2 books for you
i want 2 books
ok
i just want the balls
deal
and so you shall have them , if i get the rest
i need the book , 1 ball and 1 hat .
i'll take the book and hats , you take the balls . deal ?
no deal , i'll take the book , you take everything else
actually , that's going to be my final offer . i get the book only . otherwise we can say no deal .
how about you take all balls and keept the rest
no deal
ok deal
can i have the ball and two hats ?
ok , for your brother , i'll just take the hats , all the rest to you
i need the ball for my kid brother . but i will give you four hats for the book and ball
deal
how about you take the balls and i take the hat and a book ?
yes
i'd like the balls and 1 hat ?
i get 3 balls and 1 book ?
fair enough i suppose . deal
works for me
if i can have the book and the balls you can have the hats
okay great . thank you .
i rather like the ball too . i'll take one of each item , you get the other two books and a hat .
unfortunately it is quite valuable to me also .
i'm afraid not . best i can do is let you have two hats and two books .
and i am agreeing with you . no deals .
no problems .
i just want the ball , you can have the rest
no , i need the ball , that's the only thing of value to me
ok , then we don't have a deal
no i said we don't have a deal
smiles , okay , sorry , i misunderstood
deal
one hat to me , all else to you
you can have 1 hat and 1 book
deal
i would like the book and the hats .
give me the book and two hats and we have a deal .
but basketball is my favorite sport , so i was hoping for the basketball and both hats .
if i give up the ball , i would need both hats .
deal
im not much of a reader so im thinking books for you , hats and ball for me
oh no . id be willing to give away one hat for one book , but i must have the basketball . bball , a book and a hat for me ?
ok , but then i get both books
the book and a ball please
how about two balls and book
ok
no way ! i'll give you all three balls and the hat
i'll give you a book but 0 balls
i like to read
i need the books and the hat
i can't do that . i need the books and you can have the rest
then i need 2 books and either the hat or both balls
what if i take 2 books and a ball and you take 1 book , a hat and a ball
i'd like the books
no deal . i need at least 1 book .
i need the same thing .
deal .
i would like all the hats , you may have the rest .
three hats and one other object .
deal .
which is more valuable to you the book or hats ?
how about you take three hats
ill give you three hats and the book
i'd like the hats , you can have the rest
deal .
is that the best deal you got ?
ok , ill take it
can i have the books and a hat please ?
yeah
what would you like
i need hats and a ball
deal
hello ! id like the ball and books , and you can have the hats .
deal .
no i need 1 of each
i can do away with 2 hats if i keep the rest
i need them also
agreed on the no deal
still no deal agreed .
i'd like both balls and 1 hat please
that doesn't work for me .
sorry , i need the balls
no deal was agreed . setting numbers to 0 and waiting for the button .
no deal was agreed
i'd like book and hats .
i can do book nd 1 hat .
balls are 0 for me .
you can have the hats if i get the book and balls .
i can give you a ball and both hats .
ok , i can let you have the book and one hat .
i would like the hat and 2 books , you take the ball and 2 books
i would like the ball and hat please
sounds fair
i want one book and one hat and you can have the rest .
deal .
i need 2 hats and 2 balls , you take the books
i'll let you have 2 books . and i get the rest .
nevermind , you can keep the books .
what deal do you prefer ?
oh , that's fine .
i will give you the books if i can have the rest
selfish you get nothing ill get everything
i dont want the books
i said i will give you the books if i can have the rest
okay 1 ball and 2 hats for me 3 books for you
if i can have the balls and the hats you can have the book
okay you can have one hat and the book
yes
one hat at least ,
is that your final answer
i'd like the book and ball , the hats to you
deal
i want the book and two hats
i can offer you one ball or one book
how about you take two books
deal
that is just not going to happen . you can have the rest if i can have all the books .
i'll take two books and the ball .
ok , as long as i get all the basketballs .
sounds good !
i want both hats and a book
totes . so 2 hats and 1 book for me , basketball and 1 book for you
could i have the books and one ball
i suppose that works for . you have a deal
how about i take book , you take ball and we split hats ?
i would like a ball and a book . you can have all 4 hats
ok
i can give you 2 hats
i can give 1 ball and 1 hat
ok
i would like the balls and one hat .
how about i get both balls instead ?
i agree .
i'll trade you a book for a hat or ball
i need one ball at least
i want two hats and a ball
2 balls for me and 2 hats and a book for you ?
huh ? i just want the two balls
ok , one ball , one hat and one book for me , one ball and one hat for you ?
it irks me but i can live with it
can i have 3 hats and the ball ? the hats are very low and i don`t want to take the books from you
i wouldlike the books and 2 hats
deal
give me ball and 2 hats
you get ball i get rest
you can have the hats , but i can't give up the ball .
deal .
give me hat and balls
gimme hat and 2 balls
gimme hat and 2 books
then we no deal
yup
that's a low deal for me
no way
i cant give you the hat
we have no deal then
no deal
how about i get the book and you get everything else .
i have to have the book . nothing else is of value to me .
so i get the book and you get the ball and hats ?
okay
the book and the ball
no i need the book and ball
bet i take the hats and the ball
yes
deal
haha . . . there's 3 items on your left ; each of them say "value each to you" - - - we have 1 book , 3 hats , 2 balls and have to try to find the best deal that we both would agree on . . . our point values are different . in this case ; i want the two balls - - bu
alright , i'd like to keep the balls and the book if you like the point value of the 3 hats . . . . otherwise , if the book is worth a lot and the hats are not , i'll take the balls and 1 hat instead .
i'll let you 'accept it' . . . since i'm assuming you're agreeing with me . . . chance the 0 next to the hats to a 3 , and click "deal was agreed" . . . i will then change mine to reflect 1 book , 2 balls and agree . - - - but the point is to negotiate , so make sure
i have no idea what i am doing
ok . . . . take the balls
ok . how do we accept the deal ?
what do you need ?
that is what you want , 1 ball ?
ok deal !
just ball , and only ball
yes
ill give you everything if you give me the book
if i can have the book and the balls you can have all of the hats
okay that works
give me ball , rest to you
are we lookin at no deal ?
ball so important during march madness
agreed
yes
whahoo
rats , the ball is all i want too .
i think so , , , you cant live with all but the ball ?
very true . . . i think we're stymied . . . i dont know how to end it with no deal hough
no deal
i think we just have to reach a chat limit for no deal
i'll take the basketball and one hat .
i really need the basketball and just one hat .
ok , can i have the basketball and a book instead ?
ok , i'll take the basketball and you can have the rest . i'm not happy about it , but it'll do .
can i have the basketball and a hat then ?
i can do the basket ball
the basketball is my highest valued item
i have no book : (
okay so i read the items wrong
yes
i'd really like 2 hats and a ball .
i'll just 2 hats then .
that doesn't work completely . how about two hats and a book ?
sounds good ! deal !
you can have the hats but , i would need the balls and the book
no , i need both balls and the book or i can not make a deal
then you can have one ball and two hats and i will take the book two hats and one ball
you can have three hats and the ball final offer
yes , one ball
can i get the hats and the balls ?
can i at least get one ball ?
i can not make a deal with just the hats
no , one ball and all the hats
one ball ?
deal
i need both books , you can have the hats and ball ?
deal
sounds good
i would like both balls and the book .
you can have the hats but i need the book .
i can't give up the balls either .
deal .
i need both hats and the book
give me both hats and balls
give me hats and book
i'd love to have a hat and a book please .
yeah i really need that hat too . i can do hat plus one ball instead ?
yeah i won't be able to make a deal either . we'll have to call it no deal and type a few lines until we are allowed to select no deal .
no deal
agreed , no deal
i can not make that deal . i need the hat as well
if i can not have the hat i can not make a deal
no deal .
no deal
no deal
ok do it
i'd like 1 book and 2 hats please
how about 2 balls and 1 book ? i'll take 1 book and 2 hats ? : )
i'd like 2 books and a ball .
deal .
ok deal
i need two books , rest to you
deal
i can not give up the hat . i can give you all of the books if i can have the ball and the hat
i can not make that deal . i need both the hat and the ball .
okay we can make that deal then . i don't want you to get shafted .
i would like the hat and two of the books please
to give up that hat im going to need everything else .
well the only way i remotely come out of this in the postive is to have that ball and the four books .
thank you , deal .
1 hat , 2 books
i'd like books . you can have rest .
ok deal
book and 3 hats for me
look , i have to have the book
okay
i would like the book and you can have 3 hats and the ball
i'd like the book and either 2 hats or two balls .
ok
you can have all the hats and balls . i'll take the book
lemme get those hats
deal .
would you like to just take the ball ?
i would be fine with giving you the ball and one hat or the ball and a book
deal
that won't work at all , i need the book and two hats or the book and the ball .
if i can have the ball and book yuo can have all four hats .
i want the ball and both hats .
okay agreed . i get one hat and the ball , you get both books and one hat .
you can have the ball , i want one hat and both books .
ok deal , thanks
you get hats i get the rest . deal
deal
i would like the 2 hats .
okay i'll take teh 2 hats , you get the 2 books and the ball .
i would like the book and 3 hats
ok you take the book i get the rest ?
i just want the book . you can take the rest .
i have to have the book .
can i have one hat at least ?
i agree to your first offer , you may have only the hats .
i would like the hats and you can have the rest .
if i can have the ball .
nah , that won't do . i can let you have the hat and one of the balls .
i rather like books . how about you get the hat and two balls ?
hello , how about i get the hat and the books and you can have the balls ?
could you trade a ball for a book ?
ok i can make that deal
i need hats , you have rest
same
i guess so
agreed
yes
if i can have the hats and the ball you can have the book
no deal . i need at least two hats and the ball
okay then no deal . i'm sorry .
no deal .
no deal .
hi , i'd like to have the ball and book if i may
i'll give you the hats and book , package deal . but i need the ball .
i can't make a deal without getting the ball unfortunately
yeah that just won't work out . i can't make a deal without getting the ball . might have to call no deal on this one .
we have to type some more lines until enough and it'll let us select no deal
hi , i really can`t work with that . need the ball and 2 hats .
i want the ball and you can have the rest
i can`t give you the ball , if i can have the ball and you take the rest would be fine
how do we call it no deal ?
ok
that sounds like a good deal .
could i have the basketball and the book . you can have those awesome john wayne style hats .
thank you
do you want a book ?
do you want any hats ?
you get 1 book , 1 hat . i will take 2 hats and 1 ball . deal ? or would you want something else ?
ok two hats and one book ?
yes .
yes
the book is only 1 point so i need two hats to get 3 points
deal
i want the ball a book and a hat .
ok . you're just wasting our time . you do realize either way you get a bonus because i'm the first one to talk ?
ok . go ahead and cancel .
i said . i want one of everything . i don't really care what you want .
fine .
no way . i'll give you all three hats if i can have the book and the ball .
my opinion remains unchanged . i really could do with the ball and the book .
do you have a counter - offer ?
i can't give you one of everything . i can give you a ball and the rest of the hats if you insist on having it .
deal .
i need either the book or 1 ball , hats are only worth 1 for me
hi , can i have the balls and one book ?
take the book , i`ll take 3 balls
is there any way i could get the books and ball ?
ok , well can i take the hat and books ?
deal , thanks
i want the ball and hat
the ball must be mine
yes
i need the books and the hats . you can have the balls if that works for you
i can not make that deal . i need the book and the hats .
you can have the book if i can have everything else
okay then i need the book and the hats in exchange for you getting all of the balls . it has to be somewhat fair
thank you .
i need hats and ball
ok
i would like the ball and the books .
how about i get the ball and you take everything else ?
i'd like 1 of each please ?
i need the book if i take the ball . you can have all the hats .
that doesn't work for me , i need the book and the ball .
good deal .
you can have all of the balls
you can have all of the balls and 1 hat i would like 1 books and 2 hats
ok , i will take all the hats
sure
if i can have the balls you can have everything else
great ! thank you !
i can't give you the book , but you can have the hat as long as i can have the balls .
yes . i'll take 1 book and 1 ball .
i would like the hat and the book .
can i have the hat and two balls ?
i would like to get my hands on the books
you don't want balls or hats ? you can have them all .
so how about this ? 1 book for each and one ball for me ?
me too . shall we each take one ?
i want the balls but not the hat . i'd rather have one of the books .
yes , that sounds good .
i'd love a hat and basketball . you ?
you can have the hat if i can have the ball and 3 books
that is reallly bad for me . i really need a hat or basketball . no books
the hats worth the most to me . books are nothing .
deal
you can have the basketball if i can have the hat and all the books
how about i get the ball and the hat and you get all the books
i need all the books in exchange for the basketball and the hat . the basketball is worth the most to me
ok can i have the basketball and the books . you get the hat
if you could have any 2 , which would you want ?
you can have the hats , but i need the rest
ok , you can have 1 book to go with those hats
only way i can give you 2 books is if i get the rest
i want 2 books , and either 2 hats or 1 ball
no way
no two books , thats a hard requirement
i can do that
how does three books sound ?
for you
perfect ! sounds like we have a deal !
for you or me ?
sounds good
i need 3 hats and the book .
nope , book and 2 hats .
how about you take the book and one hat ?
deal .
i would like the ball and the books please
no deal . i want the ball and at least 2 books
no deal . i don't need hats
nope if you want the ball then i'll take the books and the hats
best deal is you can have the ball and 1 hat
deal
give me the ball and hats and you could keep the books
no , i want the two hats and the ball
well then give me the ball and hats you could keep all 4 books
nope
cool . then ball and one hat is fine with me and you could have one hat and 4 books
i only want balls . others are 0 to me .
two balls and you can have the rest .
i can let you have the hats if i get the balls and books .
i can let you have one ball and toss in a hat if you'd like .
done .
hi , i need 2 books and one ball
okay
yeah i need the book and all balls and you keep the rest
so you keep only book then
book is ten for you ?
if i can have the book and the hats you can have the balls
i can not make a deal without the book
okay that's fine . deal .
no , it is 6 .
i want all the books , i will let you have the hat and the ball .
i'd like to get one of each
i can do that
no problem that works
i'd like the hats you can have the rest
no deal . i need both books . you can have the rest .
can i get a ball two hats and a book ?
deal i'll take everything except the books
ok deal
i would like all the hats please
i need book
i need book with one hat
book with hat , you get hat and two bballs
i need book or no deal
agreed
i get book and hats you get balls
you get book i get rest
no deal . let's negotiate please
i get book and 1 hat or no deal .
no deal then .
you can have all the balls if i get the rest
i need the book or i can't make a deal
it happens : ) no deal
i suppose that would work for me
its real sunny out lately if i could have those hats i'd be much obliged , you can have the rest of the stuff .
can't do that , you can have ball and one book
deal
i'd love to have that ball . the ball and two hats .
sounds fine to me . deal .
i would like the book and the hat .
i can give you all the balls . but need the hat and book .
i need the hat and 2 balls
ok deal
sounds good .
i'll take the hat . you can take the rest .
i get the book and both hats , you can have the balls .
i can do that , deal
i would like the hats please
i want two balls , or one ball and one hat
ok
if i can have the books and the balls you can have the hat
you can have one ball and the hat .
fine , i will take the rest
i need 2 balls and 2 books .
give me the hat and books
one hat one book and one ball ?
okay hat and book to me
yes on the hat , no on both books . i can give you 1 book .
i need both balls and 1 book in order for me to even get something
deal
no thanks , i'd rather have the basketballs only , and you can have everything else .
no , how about 2 basketballs for me , and you can have 3 books and the hat
i'll take 2 basketballs and the hat
no can do .
sure
how about 2 books and a hat for you and i will take the rest
how about 1 basketball and 2 books for me
no can't do it
i need at least one of the basketballs and 2 books
we are at an impass , i can do 1 basketball , 1 hat and 1 book
i can agree to that if i get the hat and both balls .
i'd like both books
sounds good .
book and hats 1 ball
1 book 3 hats 1 ball
1 book 3 hats
1 book 2 hats 1 ball
1 book 2 hats 1 ball
no deal
no deal
no deal
i want three hats thats all
no deal
sure so i get 1 book and 3 balls ?
deal
hi , can i have 2 hats and one book ?
yes
you can everything but books . that's all i need .
i need the ball and 1 hat
deal you get all books i get the rest
i need the book and the hat you can have the balls
i need the book and 3 balls
so can i get the book and 2 balls
oka
i need the hat and 2 of the balls . you can have the book and 2 of the balls .
no , i need 2 of the balls .
right . thank you .
balls are 0 for me . i want hat , all the rest for you
i want the hat and book . you get the balls in exchange .
ok deal
i'll take three hats and a ball , and you have two books .
i really would much rather have the ball , how about i take the ball , we both have a book , and you hae the hats .
agreed
you can have the hats but i gotta have the ball you can take the books as well
take the ball but i take everything else
sorry thats just not fair on my side . i need the book and 2 balls just to cut in half the score
i need the 4 balls and one hat and you could keep the book and one hat
okay done
perfect
hey ! i'm looking at getting 2 books the rest can be yours !
i will take the balls and the hat and you can have the books .
how about i take the balls and you can have the rest .
well i will take a ball and the hat then .
i will take the books and at least one ball .
the hat has no points for me .
i would like a hat and 3 books and 1 ball .
look . give me two balls .
i'll take the hat and you can have literally everything else .
deal
so you want me to take one ball .
im going to sit here and pretend you didn't come at me like that with that first offer and wait for you to come up with something better .
your negotiating tactics are strange , deal .
no deal
i have to have the book
i have to have the book to make a deal
then we cannot make any deal
they have very little value
i'll take 1 ball , 1 hat and the book . you can have the rest .
i'll take the book and 1 ball . you can have the rest .
well , if you just give me the book , you can have the rest .
what if i need the book ?
the rest don ; t have any value to you /
then i guess there is no deal .
i need the ball and the books
deal
i need the hat and the ball you can have the books
then i need the hat and 2 books
great
if i can have the book and the ball you can have the hats
no , i need the book you can have everything else
okay deal .
no that's not a fair deal . you can have 1 hat and 1 ball .
okay , i will take the ball and the 3 hats .
i'll take the ball and two hats .
ok
i'm going to respond after this line of filler to deceive the system
yeah that's fine
ill take the basketballs and the hats
i would need at least 3 hats and the balls to make ad eal
then no deal
i need book and both hats
ok accepted
you can have the hats , but i need the book and at least one ball then
how about i take 3 books and the hat ?
very well , i'll take the books . you take the hat and ball .
ill give you the books ill take the ball and hat
books arent worth anything to me no deal
deal
any chance you'd take three books and i could have the hat and two balls ?
alright , two balls and two books for me then ?
i need the hat and 2 books
i need the hat and 1 book
yes , that would be fine
i can agree to that
i'd like the ball and a book .
sounds good . thanks !
i need the book you can have the rest
no others are worthless to me
there's no way you'd give it up for anything ?
deal .
you may have the books and the hat for one ball ?
great , deal
i would like the books and the hat
yeah , sounds good . you get the ball and i get the hat and books
i need just the books , you take rest
both books to me , or no deal
agreed
yes
yup
i would like the ball and both books
i can't do that , i would need at least a book and a hat
no deal then .
agreed . no deal .
yes . no deal .
you can have the books if i can have the rest
sorry no deal
okay deal
i would need a ball too
okay then i will take the books you can have the rest
i would like thetas as well as either the books or the balls .
and 1 book along with 1 ball ?
fine . deal
ok you take all hats , i get the rest
one ball only
no , you take all hats and one ball
the balls and two books
no deal . books and hat then
no can do
all books with either the hat or ball
deal
what would you like
just books
books only ,
so you can do what
one ball and all books for you
if i can have the hats , you can have the rest
perfect , i'll take one hat , and two balls
i need the hats as well . if we can split the difference i can take one hat and the two books and you can have one hat and the two balls
okay great !
i'd like the hat and one ball
i'll take the books and the balls then
deal
i can not do that the books are worth nothing to me .
that will work you get the books and balls i get the hat .
sorry , can't give you the hat .
you can have all the books . i need the hat and balls .
a hat and a ball would be nice
then , how about 2 books and a ball
if i can have the book and the hat you can have the balls
then i will take the book and two balls and you can have the rest ?
thank you !
no i don't need the balls .
alright then .
what do you want ?
okay
i need hat . you can have rest .
i need the book or the ball
sorry i meant the book or ball plus something else like 2 hats an and the ball
i'll take the book , ball , and let you have all the hats
the best i can do is 2 hats and either the book or the ball
i'll take the book , the ball , and one hat .
okay , i'll take the book and the hats , and you can have the ball .
i can't give up two hats . i can give up one hat though .
no deal .
fine , i'll take the book and two hats .
you can have the hats but i would like 1 book to go with the balls
i understand . but i would like the balls with 1 book .
deal ?
can i have the books and the hats ?
i need thebooks
that sounds fair
deal
i'll take the basketball and both books .
you can have 2 balls if i can have 2 books and 1 hat
you can have 1 hat if i can have everything else
no deal
no deal
okay deal
i will make you the same offer . agree and we are done now .
i need the hat the rest is yours
i need one of either the book or ball and at least two hats
you have to give up one or there is no deal
one hat and one book for me , final offer
i would like a book , a ball , and a hat .
the book and the ball are not negotiable for me .
i will only consider giving up the book but for all the hats .
deal if i get the other two hats and the ball .
if i can have the hat , you can have the rest
deal
ill take the books and the balls
can i have the book and you take the rest
i really wanted the book and 1 ball
ill take the ball and books , you keep the hats
deal
sounds like a deal .
no , you can have the ball and 2 books , i need the hats
sorry can`t do that
i would like 2 hats and 2 balls
deal .
i would like the book and 1 ball
sure
i would like the books and the hat .
how about you take the hat and i get everything else ?
that is fine , i will give you the hat and one ball .
i really like the hat .
i would like at least 1 ball to go with my hat
i want a hat a ball and two books
make an offer then
no deal
i just wan the balls and book please you take the rest
how about you get one hat and one ball
fine
ok
everything , but i'll settle for 2 books , 1 hat and 1 ball .
thank you for your cooperation .
hi ! what would you like ?
sounds good
i want 3 books
deal
take them . i'll take the rest .
deal
i need the ball . you can have the rest .
good afternoon !
that sounds like a deal .
deal
i'd like one ball and one hat
i would like the hats and the ball .
i will need something in addition to just the hats .
ok , i will take just the hats .
i'll take all 5 items .
i'll take the ball and the books .
i need 3 items . pick what 2 you want .
deal
gimme 3 hats and the books
no deal then
i need the books and the hat . i have enough balls .
ok i'll take one book one ball and the hat .
i want the books and balls
i need one book at least
i need the book and 2 hats
ditto , rest are worth nothing or 1
ok , no deal
yeah just gotta wait out the no deal
im not sure how to trigger the no deal button
i'll take the books and ball if that's ok ?
how about you take the hats and the ball ?
oki , i'll take a book and a ball
hmmmmm can i get one book
i need a book , only thing worth anything to me
ok deal
i can gladly give you the books but not the hat
no hat , three books
2 books , one ball
one hat nothing else ?
deal
i need the hat and 2 books
i have to have the hat , and 1 book
no hat , no deal . i have to have the hat , you can have the rest
nope , no hat no deal .
sure
i need ball and 2 hats
deal
i need a ball and the book . i can offer you 3 hats .
if i can have the hats and the balls you can have the book
i need at least one hat as well
would you be willing to accept one hat and the book ?
it is of little value to me
okay deal .
i'll take the hats and book . you can have the basketballs .
the balls and book are of little value . i have to have the hats to make it a decent deal .
you have no need for the book ?
would you be willing to take the balls and book and let me have both hats ?
sounds good . deal !
i'd like the balls , others are negotiable . crappy distribution
works for me . deal
what would you like
i want the hat . you can have the rest
i need the hat and a book
great , thanks
deal
there's only one ball .
i need the ball as well , and a hat .
there's only one book as well . where are you seeing all these books and balls ?
that's impossible . the values might be different , but we should each see the same items . i see 1 book , 3 hats , and 1 ball .
the hats are worth 0 to me .
ok deal .
3
i need a book and 3 balls if possible
okay 1 ball 1 hat and a book ?
how bout 2 books 1 hat ?
i am given a differnt amoutn of items so i cannot tell what you have
look to the left it says it under "diveid these items between you and your partner" . what is least valuble to you ?
okay i will take all the hats and you keep everything else
how many hats are there ?
okay deal
no , i need a ball and a hat
i need two balls and 2 books
okay i will take one ball and 4 books and you can take the hat and one ball ?
deal
i'd like 1 book and 1 ball .
how about i give you just the balls and take the hat and book ?
i can take the book and all the balls then
i want the hat and the balls .
no . i need the hat . i will take the hat and one ball .
ok . i will just take the hat .
ball and one hat
deal
hats and ball for me
hats to me , everything else to you
sorry that wont work for me . i would like the ball and hats
sorry i need the balls and hats
deal .
i'd like 1 book , and 2 balls . deal ?
great , thanks .
how about i give you the books , i take the rest
ok ill take hat and 1 ball
i will need at least one ball .
what would you like
you can have two books and one hat
two books and a hat
i would like to take both of the hats and one of each other item
ill take two hats and one book
deal
what do you think of hats ?
how about two hats and one ball ?
how about two hats and two balls ?
i will take the books and hat you take the ball
ok i will take the books you take the hat and ball
if i take the ball , i need the hat as well
i need 2 hats
i need 1 hat and 2 balls then
how about two balls for you
one hat
ok
i'd like the books and the hat in exchange for the balls .
so i'll take 3 balls . pefect !
i would like the ball and 2 hats .
i have got to have atleast the ball and 1 hat or 1 book
ok deal .
i can give three hats but would like the ball and book
i can do the ball if i get the book and two hats
sure
one hat to me , everything else to you
i can give you the hat if you give me one book
just the hat but we trade the hat for a book
deal
i would like the hat and the balls .
so i would get the hat and what else ?
can i have the hat and one ball ?
you can have the balls , i need the hat and the book
the balls have no value to me , i need the hat at least
deal
i can't take that deal . i can take 2 balls and the hat
then i need the book and balls
i'll take both the books and a hat . you can have the rest .
okay sounds good
deal
i'd like the hat and one ball , please .
cant do . how about you keep all of the books , and ill have the hats and balls .
can i please keep the ball and hat ?
they have different values for us .
i cant reveal that information .
i would prefer to not do that .
give me one of each
gimme books and one ball
which is worth more ?
i know , im asking whatever is bigger for you between hat and ball
you can , its allowed , but you don't have to
thats fine , ya the button
yikes , that is a bad deal for me
i have to offer is you take all balls and i take book and hats
great
i need the book and the hat
then i need the hat and all the balls
i need the book and the hat too - i am willing to give up the hat .
i'd like at least one of each
can't do that , you can have two balls if i can have the rest
no
they are worth one point to me
the only thing of value to me are the balls
1 point
not good , i was settling for only 6 - 7
i'd really like all the balls . what do you want ?
i don't care about the books . if i give up one of the balls , i'll really need the hat as well .
seriously ? you can't give me the hat , too ?
you're getting both books !
they are worth 0 points to me . i'd be settling for 6 if we had it your way . 7 if you give me the hat , too .
that's not true - - the books are valuable to you .
listen , what's your point total the way you want things to go ?
i would like the hats and book
yea , ok
hello . the book is very important to me . what do you want ?
i don't care about hats at all ! can i have the ball too ? please ?
hi
i like hats
well ok . it's a deal .
i want the ball and hat as well
no way
hat and 3 books
hat and ball and a book
nope
a ball and 2 books then
ok how about you get 2 books
you can get a hat and that's it
hat and one book
never
how about hat and a hat
hat and one book
na , all i need is the hat
sure
if i can have the hat and the books i will give you the balls
then we will split the difference i will give you the hat if i can have everything else
can't do that . i need two hats and the books .
cannot do that . i could do the books , one hat , and the ball .
then i need two hats .
if you need two hats , then i need the ball .
i can't give up two hats without getting the ball in return for one of them .
deal .
i'd like the hats and ball .
how about you take the books and one hat ?
can't do that . i need the ball . you can have the books .
i can't give up two hats . i need two hats myself for any value .
can't give up hats and the ball . i can give you the books for sure . i'll take the ball . we need to figure out the hat situation
i can do one hat . i'll take the ball and one hat . you can have the rest .
deal !
i need one hat and two balls
deal
need hats and book
ok
i'd like hats . you can have the rest .
deal
you can have everything but the hat
deal
i want 1 of each
that does't add up ; if hats are 0
tital has to be 10 ; that is only 8
i am set at 1 of each
guess we are at a standoff
i'll take the ball and books if you want the hats
hats have zero value for me . . . . . ball and books gives me 6 / 10
books are 2 for me and 2 for the basket ball
10 is the goal but if it does not offer 10 you take the best you can get . . . . . i can only make 6
i can't do that , sorry . . . .
if you include some books
gimme hat
ill take a hat and a book
i need the ball and 1 book .
i need at least 1 hat with the 2 books .
okay i get 2 books and 1 hat .
i'll take the ball and hats and you can have both books .
i'll take on hat and one basketball
how about i take the book and you take the rest
if i can have the hat and book you can ahve the balls
i can live with that .
i want the book and 2 balls ; will this work for you ?
there's really nothing i can give the book up for . . . if we're going to fight over the book , i will concede and take the balls . hat is no value to me .
i want one of each .
what will you give the book up for ?
okay , i'll take the book and the hat then .
if i can have the book and the balls you can have the hats
i need the book as well . is there another deal you would be willing to make ?
okay . no deal .
no deal .
that will not work for me . no deal .
no deal . you can press the button now .
no i really need the book you can have the rest .
no i need to book more than anything else .
okay
i will take a book and one hat and you can have the rest
i will take the book you can have everything else
if i can have the hats and the book you can have the balls
that seems reasonable . deal .
sure .
yes . thank you !
i need book and two balls
could you talk longer , other wise they ll tell us please negotiate longer
ok last messgae , so i ll take one book and two balls
i need the balls and you can have everything else
i would like the hat 1 book and 1 ball
ok
i need the basketball and 2 hats
i'll take the book and a basketball
okay
give me all balls and hat
i need the balls
ok
i can take the rest .
deal
i need the book and the ball . you can have all the hats .
i will take the ball and the books . you can keep the hats
i will take the ball and the hats you keep the books
if you get the ball i need everything else
deal
i'll give you 1 hat and 1 book
nope that does not have value to me . . . . i'll give you 2 hats and 1 book
cannot give up the ball . . . .
nope , i'll give you 2 hats and 2 books , final offer
you can have all the hats if i get the book and the balls .
i can give you the book and all the hats if i keep the balls .
no deal . i can do the book and all the hats or 2 balls and 2 hats .
deal .
i need at least the ball
can i have one book or one hat along with the ball ?
i'll take the ball , you can have everything else
i'll take the basketball if that's okay ? how do you want to split the rest ?
if i give you the ball can i have everything else ?
i can take the ball and give you everything else ?
thanks !
you can have the balls but i would like the split up the hats to go with my book
deal .
i'll take all the hats and the balls .
you can have 3 hats and the book .
if i can have the books and the hats you can have the ball
okay that works . thank you !
can i get one book and one ball and you get one book and three hats ?
great thanks !
i'd like 1 book and 2 hats and you can have all the balls . deal ?
no deal on the book . you can have 2 hats though .
okay , unfortunately no deal .
can i have all hats and all balls ?
ok , deal . confirming i get all hats and all balls .
i'll take the book and balls
i'm the same with the book . . . . . .
n / p . . . not all deals work out
ok
i think that is a fair deal .
i'll take the books , you can keep the rest
thanks
what would you like today ?
if i can keep both balls we have a deal
books and hats
deal
sorry that wont work for me . i would like the ball and book .
sorry looks like we wont be reaching a deal
ok , we can do that
i want the ball , the book , and at least one hat .
no go . you can have the book , i get the ball .
i'm not budging on the ball , you can have everything else .
deal , thanks
i would like the hat and 2 balls .
i can not give the hat . i can give you everything else .
i can't do that . i would need at least 3 balls or 2 balls and a hat .
deal
ok deal
i need the ball and 2 hats
i would lik 2 books and 1 hat . you can have the rest
deal
okay
the hat and one ball
deal
i'd like the hats . rest is negotiable .
any chance you can re - evaluate your points ? the hats are the only thing of value to me .
alright , i'll concede with 2 hats and the book ?
i couldn't give them all up . i'd need at least one . and the balls .
i don't think it's broken down the way you're thinking . they also have value to me .
one hat and the balls for me .
i only want the hat , but you can have the rest
i would like the hat and the ball .
ok , deal .
ok that's fine
i'd like the ball and a book please
if i can have the hats and the ball you can have the books
i need the ball as well . i can not make a deal without it .
okay i'm sorry . no deal .
no deal .
no deal .
i need the ball
me too
too bad
no deal
unfortunately so
book is my bigger item , worth 4 , if i could have the book and hat it brings me to 6 and i can live with that .
alright well feel free to offer some constructive input into why and how we can come to an agreement .
i give up the book i need everything else , im not taking anything less than 6 points .
no deal then .
how about you take the hats , i take the book and 2 balls
i can't , that screws me , no deal
i need the book and a ball , you take a ball and the hats
i can't do that
no deal
i need the ball and one other item .
okay ill take one book and the ball
you can have one book
deal
i just need the hat and the ball
ok i will take the hat , you can have the rest ?
i can't do that . i need the ball and the books .
deal
i need the balls
i don't want hats
i cant really give up either ball
ok deal
i would like the book and 2 balls
you can have all of the hats . i need the book and the 2 balls
i need at least one of each item
final offer , i need one of each item to make a deal
i just want the ball
okay , i get the rest of it then
great
i'll take the balls , you can have everything else
i'll take the hats and the ball .
how about i take the ball and 1 book and 1 hat .
alright - we split the hats - you take the books - i take the ball .
i can not make that deal . if we can split the hats and i can take the books you can have the ball
i can not make that deal . the deal i stated is my final offer .
okay great ! thank you !
gimme one book and ball
i need both hats , and 1 book .
ok deal .
i would like the hat and the book .
can i have the hat if you take everything else ?
i need the hat and the balls
sure
i want the hat and ball
the hat and two books
deal
i'l give you a book and the hat
ok
would you rather have the book or the ball ?
deal ,
book . and split the hats ?
i'd really like the books but i'm pretty flexible on everything else ? what are your thoughts ?
books are 3 each for me . everything else is 1 . so i can't so a deal without them .
no deal
no deal
no deal
sorry books are deal breakers for me if we both want the books then we cannot make a deal
so no deal just type no deal until the no deal button comes up
no deal
no deal
no deal
hi i would like the hats and balls and you can have the books
ok . you can have the books and 1 hat
thanks
you can have the balls , but i would like at least 1 hat .
deal .
i would like the book and the balls and at least one hat .
ok , i think that would be fine , so what will you be taking overall ?
ok , deal .
i'll give you the book . i'd like at least one ball . would you take 2 hats for 1 ball ?
i will take 2 hats and 1 ball .
i need the balls and 1 book
sounds good to me
id like the books and the hat and would cede all balls to you
i can do that
i need the hat and 2 balls
deal
hat and 2 books please ?
how about the hat and 1 book ?
thank you for your cooperation .
which of these fabulous items strikes your fancy ?
how about the two books ?
deal .
i want the 3 hats and the book .
okay , can i have the ball and 3 hats ?
okay i'll take the 3 hats then .
i want the ball and book
i can give you all the hats , but really need the book
no , i need both the ball and book
i would like the hat at least . i can work with the rest
ok that is good
ok , i'll take the ball and two books
how does one hat for you sound ?
how about the ball and one hat ?
like a joke . i need the ball and 2 hats
okay
i can give you one ball and the hat
i can't give up both balls
i can give you one ball , one hat , one book . that's the most i can give
can't do it , no deal
i would like 1 book and 2 balls .
okay , no deal .
we need to keep messaging back at each other till it appears
yup , no deal was agreed
let me know if you change your mind
i need the book , or no deal
ok , when does button for no deal become clickable ?
hmmmm . ok
im waiting lil button
button , you deceive
if i can have the balls and the hat you can have the books
thank you !
ok
you can have 2 books and 1 hat
deal
3 books 1 hat and you take rest
2 books 2 hat
sorry , but i need the hats . you can have the books and balls if youd like
nope sorry . i need both books
no deal . sorry
deal
i would like the hats and the balls
how about the books , one hat and the balls
then i need both hats and both balls
i'll take one of each
thanks
balls to me , else to you
i will agree to that .
can i get 1 ball and the books
deal
i'd like all 3 balls please .
sorry , that doesn't work for me . i need all the balls and you can have the hats and books .
i'd like a hat and a ball
then two balls and a book ?
the hat is very valuable to me so i cannot give that up
so to be clear , you take the balls and a book and i take the hat and book ?
i need one hat and we can make a deal
i need 1 hat and 2 books
need more than that to even get a score
you take all books and i keep the rest
yeah can't do that
you take all books only
ok one hat
sounds good to me , thanks .
if i can have the hat and two books you can have one book and both balls
thank you !
i would like the hat and the balls .
i really need the hat .
how about you give me the hat and take the rest ?
you can have the balls but , i would need the hat and the books
okay if you really need it we can make that deal .
okay deal . thank you !
okay
i'd like the hats , you can have the rest .
great , thanks !
no , i need all books and 1 of each book and hat .
actually i need all hats and you can have books but i need balls
deal . confirming that i'm taking all hats and balls ?
give me books and hats
i need all books or no deal
all books to me , you get rest
i need the book and two hats
actually i just need the book , so you can have the rest of it
i get the ball and 1 hat
you get book since its worth 10 to you i get the rest . deal
i would like the ball , the book and a hat
ok deal
sorry can't do that , but i can give you the ball , and one book
okay agreed .
i need hat , 2 books
ok
i wanted the book and the hat
ok deal
i need the book and atleast one ball
i will give up everything for just the book
i would like the ball
sure first time i'm doing one of these , sorry
you too
i'd like the books please .
okay and what about the hats ? do you want one hat and i take one hat ?
no worries and have a good night !
i need the book but am willing to give you the hats and balls in exchange
i would like the book and the hats .
ok , deal .
i'll take three of the books , you can have the rest .
deal
ok that sounds like a good deal
id like hats . you can have the rest .
hello , i get hat and balls , you get rest ?
oh noes . hat was made for me , just my size
how about you take the hat and i get everything else ?
hi , how about i take the hat and one ball
sure
sorry i need the hat with those books
so ball for you rest for me
well i is a very nice ball but what else were you looking for .
i don't have any leeway on the hat . perhaps a book for when you are done playing .
just one i'm sure you would falll asleep on the second after all that exercise
i would like the ball and hat , you have 3 books . . . .
i can take the ball ,
well i think we should discuss other items still . i am not happy with just a ball
i am looking for that fancy hat to keep me shaded when i play with my ball
hmm , ok maybe could i have 2 books , i read fast !
ok
i just need the hat , the rest to you
deal
that would work for me
greeat !
deal .
i'll take two books and a ball if that works for you ?
if you had to pick one which would you rather have / .
how about you take the hat and i take the rest ?
i would like a hat and the ball and you can have all the books
i would rather have the hat between the two
that deal works for me
only hats i get the rest
you get the hats and i get the ball and books
you get the hats and i get the ball and books
sorry no deals
sorry ill give you one hat and the ball and one book
sorry no deal
ball and hats
ball or no deal
ball or no deal
ball or no deal
no deal then , keep chat rolling
ok deal
?
lol you can have teh balls if i get the book and 3 hats
i dont play with balls
i dont need teh balls , i need teh book and 2 hats
unfair on my side so no deal sorry
and now we keep saying no deal til the button appears
i would like the book and 4 of anything of your choosing .
i can't give up the book . you can have all the hats if i get the rest ?
that doesn't help our negotiation .
if i give up the book , i'll need everything else .
no worries . no deal .
you can have the two books but , i need the hat and the balls
if i can't have the hat as well i can not make a deal
my final offer would be if i can have the balls you can have the books and the hat
i just want two books and the hat
no deal
no deal
deal
sure
that wold be great
sure .
agreed
hi can i have the basketballs ?
okay wwudl you like the hats ?
can i have the book too ?
okay so you get the hats i get the book and basketballs agreed ?
you can have both balls . i need the book and one hat
thank you very much
i would like both balls and both hats .
deal .
i could go for the balls
you get the balls i get the rest
hi . . . the ball i can't do . i can give 3 books and a hat
if i cede the ball i need everything else
let me get those two balls and a book
any chance we can rub two balls and two hats ?
i need the book and two hats . you can have the balls and one hat if that works for you
no you can have two balls and one hat
i'd like the hats and balls . you can have the books .
agreed .
give me a hat also and you have a deal .
i need the book . you can have the rest .
deal .
i'll take hat and 2 balls .
this works by me offering something and you offering . no deal by itself is not helpful . i can do hat and 2 books .
very mature .
seriously . you're gonna go straight to that . we negotiated 1 time .
fine . but you better belive i'm leaving a comment .
i would like both books . you can have the hat and two balls .
there's no way that i can give up either book . i would need both .
i'm sorry to be a pain , but the hat and balls will get me nowhere . i would absolutely need both books .
ok , thanks . it's a deal ! i get both books , you get the balls and the hat .
i would like the books as well
hmm
ok , both books to you and i take the rest
that hat is super important to me . everything else is up for grabs . how about you ?
i want the book and the ball
not going to work , i need the book no matter what
not enough need one hat at least to go with it
i can give you the ball but i need the book and a couple of hats .
i can give you the book for the ball and the hats .
agreed .
no , thats definitely won't work . i'd like the hat and the book .
ok , that will have to do .
hello . i'd like a book , hat and one ball please . would you be willing to take two balls ?
i'd be willing to give you the hat , but i won't budge on the book . i'd need the book and three balls then , you can have the hat .
ok , deal . thanks .
i would like the hat and the balls .
deal .
i want 2 books and 1 ball
that won't work for me . i also have need of the book and hats
i will do that
you can have all of the balls if i can have the hats and book
i cannot give up the hats . you can have the book and balls if i can have both hats
hats and books for me
i'd like balls and books
ok deal
i'll give you 2 books and 1 hat
can you give me the hat and the books ?
i will take one hat if i get the two balls .
okay
i would like to offer you one hat
how about you get all the hats and i get everything else ?
i will need many objects if i give up the ball .
how about you give me the ball and one hat ?
i want two hats a ball and a book
ok , how about i give you the ball and take the rest ?
ok
hi , i need the books and the balls , you can have the hat alone
sorry no can do . . .
no , sorry , if u take the hat , i need the rest
good deal then
hello . i would like the hat and one ball .
i think just one ball for me is pretty fair .
okay ill take the book
oh i meant hat . i'll take the hat
need bok
gimme all else if you get book
i need book too
ok
hi , i just need the balls
no , 2 balls for me . and thats that
one ball and 2 books for me ?
then we split , one book and ball for each . hat is worthless
two balls and hat for me , two books for you ?
amusing . . . no deal
one ball and one book . . . the balls are 4 each for me , the books and hat are 1
but it has to be accounted for , so ill just take the hat along with a ball and a book . . . lets finish this
i want the ball and book and 1 hat
how about all the hats to you , and the book and ball to me ?
how about the ball to me , the rest to you ?
you can have the ball i want the book and 2 hats
no can do i will take all the hats and the ball and give you the book though
deal
i want a book , hat and 2 ball
i need 1 book and 1 ball you can take 2 hat and 1 ball from me
sorry , i don't have a book i just hold 4 hat and 2 ball , select 2 hat and 1 ball from your you get
no chance at all , i need both books and a ball
i need 1 book , 1 hat and 2 balls and you have a deal
okay
hi , i want 2 hats and the ball .
i can`t , i really need the ball and at least one hat
sorry i need at least 2 balls and the hat to make a deal
i can offer 3 books and 1 ball
i need all the balls
i need 2 balls and 1 book
deal
can i have the balls and a book ?
deal
you can have all of the books , and 2 balls , if i can have the resst .
you can have the book . i would like the cowboy hats and to split the basketballs .
ok how about you get the book and both basketballs
ok you get the book , 1 hat , and i get both basketballs and 1 hat ?
i want the book and the hats though
i want at least one hat
gimme book and a hat , u have rest
gimme books and hats , you get balls
book mine , you get rest plus this half eaten snickers bar i got in my pocket
no deal then
hello , if i can have the hat and the books i can let you have the balls
ok , so i get the hat and 1 book ?
ok , it's a deal
i need the balls and 1 book
yes
hi , i want 2 books and the hat , you can have the balls
i`ll give you 2 balls and a book . how about that ?
totally not worth . as i said , it was fair and split
it`s fair on my side . as i see it`s split . i know you see something else . but as you want i`ll get nothing
as you want it , i`ll have 1 point
hello , i would like 1 of each .
no thanks
no i really need at least 1 hat and 2 of the other things .
how is it fair when we have different points for each item ? no deal .
as you want it , i'll have 2 points . so no deal .
hey there ! i'd like to take the hat and the balls . books all yours ?
that won't work for me . how about the hat and 1 ball , you keep the other 4 items .
books have 0 value to me . . . my final offer will still remain with 1 hat , 1 ball .
well , feel free to try some others ideas , then .
the point of this hit is to come up with an agreed upon deal . if you'd like to sit here and chat back and forth for twenty minutes , i'm more than willing to oblige in order to complete this hit .
no ill take the hats and the books you keep the balls
no ill take the hat and 2 books and you take the balls and 1 book
no deal
no thanks
sorry no deal . i gave you my offer . take it or leave it
i want the book and hat .
deal .
you can have the book but , i would need everything else
okay thank you !
hello i want the ball and a hat please .
you can take the 2 books and the other hat .
ok deal
i want all the hats and the book
i need at least all the hats then . can't go any lower than that .
i'll settle for 2 hats and a book .
i can't go any lower than that . so no deal .
your options don't leave me with much either .
that leaves me with 1 point . we'll just agree to no deal .
what do you want
no can do
two hats , best i can do for you
i can't
that would leave me with 4 points
how about i take all hats and you take the rest
i need the book at least
hats have zero value for me
sorry .
yeah , zorry
thanks
hi , i would like the book and hats and you can have the ball
i cant let go of the book . how about you get the ball and 1 hat ?
sorry then i guess we cant make a deal
no dea ;
no worries
hi , can i have 2 books and 2 hats ?
yes
if you give me the book i could give you everything else .
i really like to read but i don't have a need for the other items .
without the book i am not sure if i can make a deal .
if you give me everything else i will give you the book .
nope i can't do that . my last offer was my final offer .
i'll take the book , and one basketball .
i can't give the book away , but i can give you a basketball in return of a hat
i also really like the book . i can let go of the two basketballs , as long as i get a hat
i also really need the book
i need at least a hat , and the book . then you can have everything
no deal
i have to have the hat and at least 1 other item
okay
give me the balls and the hat
take one book with the hat
hi , i need just the balls and we can end this fast , you can have the 3 hats and the 2 books
okay deal .
take all the hats
deal
i need the hats and 1 ball .
i can give you the hat and one ball , and i will take just the book and 2 balls
that is fine
i want the balls and hat .
give me the balls and you can take the rest .
ill take two balls and thehat
deal
i just want the book . you can have the rest .
i need both balls , you can have the rest
i'd like the hat , two books and a ball .
sounds like a deal .
hi ! how about i take the book , and both balls . you can have every hat .
great , enjoy your hats !
i enjoy hats and think that is a fair deal .
hat to me , and one ball
i get hat and 3 books
i need a hat and a ball . . . you can have all the books
i need the hat as well . . . . . . books are zero value on my end
again , i get zero value on the books
ok . . . click on the no deal button and we can go to the next deal
ok
i will take hat , 1 book , and 1 basketball , you can have 2 books
no can do i need the hat and 2 books
i can't give up the hat . i will take the hat you can have the rest
well i can't give up the hat so don't have anything else to offer
have to wait for it to turn green
i would like a hat and a book
the hat is a must have
i guess not
so what do we do
well i still want the hat
im sorry i really need the hat . i can offer you the ball and a book
same for me . looks like we wont be able to reach a deal
sorry
we keep going back and forth until the no deal button appears
sorry i need it
i need the ball and 1 hat
i would like 1 hat and the 2 books
ill take the balls you can have the book and hat
okay deal just keep typing for a bit
deal .
sorry no deal , you can take only one ball and one book
how about one hat and one book for you
sure
give me the balls and 2 books
no deals then
2 balls to me , rest for you
i want the balls and the hat
you can have one ball if i get the books
but awful point values . a split on balls is the best i can do
you can have the ball and the hat ?
no
no
no
because you weren't working with me initially over the balls . no deal
if i can have the balls you can have the hat and the books
you can have the both books and a hat if i can have the balls . . you would be getting three items
can i have one of each ?
and one book
then i need both balls and you can have the hat and the books
then you need to take one book and one ball
okay well then i do not think we can make a deal . you aren't giving any suggestions that i would be willing to accept .
gimme book and hats please
hats and balls to me
you can have hats but not the book .
okay .
all hats , u take rest
great
deal
nice try , i want the ball and two hats
i want the book also
nope then i will take the hats
i'll take the hats and the ball .
you can have 3 hats for my ball .
the book will cost you a hat .
deal i take 1 ball 1 book .
if i can have the books you can have everything else .
i'd rather have 3 books and a hat .
deal .
that is very tempting . however , how about you get three books and a ball ?
i will give you four books and the ball !
i want the 4 hats please
i can do that - deal
how about 3 hats and the book
i love wearing hats and playing basketball
i would like the hat - how about i take that and you take everything else .
how about
sorry - i take the books and ball and you get the hat
your not getting all that
how about you get 2 book and the hat ?
deal
i would like the hats and books you can have the basket balls
naw i want the hat and books
finish that sentence ?
no i want the hat and the balls
then ill take the hat and the books
okay deal
gimme the books
would you be willing to give me the ball and 1 hat and you get 2 hats 2 books ?
sounds like a plan
i would like the hats
yes that works for me
the hat and the ball
if i give you the ball i will need 3 books .
no
fair enough
what would you like
i will take the ball and 3 books
do i get the hat ?
that doesnt work i would end up negative , . i will do the ball and 2 books
deal
i would like the books and a ball please ?
that is a good deal .
how about 2 books and 1 ball for you and 1 hat and 1 ball for me ?
thats a lot . . . if i can have the book and a ball i can agree to that
yup
hi , i want the 2 hats , and the 2 balls . what do you need ?
you want 1 book and 1 ball ?
i can agree to that . i take the rest then .
okay
i need the book and the hat . i can offer you the 3 balls .
i need balls and book
i need one book and ball
i want the books and hat , you get balls . deal ?
i want both books , you get the rest
ok , i'll take one of each . deal ?
if i can have one of each you can have two balls
i need the book and two balls or i can not make the deal
i need two balls and the book or the hat and the book
okay if you can not make another deal . you can have the hat and two balls and i will take the rest
i can give you the book and one ball .
the book and one ball
no thank you . i really need the hat and two balls . something else will be a fail
thanks
i need the books and 2 balls or the hat and 2 books .
i'd like the hat and some balls ; are the books of value to you ?
i'll take the hat and one ball .
if i can have the book and the balls you can have the hats
no deal . i need the book and both balls or no deal
no deal .
no deal
. no deal
ill give you a hat and ball for a book
same here , no deal
agreed
no deal
no deal
i was going to offer the same thing , i need the hat and the ball or no deal
i have to have both the hat and the ball or i cannot make a deal
great
if i can have the books and the hat you can have the ball
i can accept the deal if you take the hat and i can have everything else
okay you can have both and i will take the books if that is the only offer you can make
thank you
okay , all balls for me
i want the hat and book
you can have the books but , i would need the hats and the balls
okay , you can take that and i will take the rest
i'd like the balls and books
i need 2 balls and 2 books to get over half .
i want hat and b - ball
i need hat , or the deal drops
deal dropped
ok
i will take the books and hat you can have the basketball
i need the hat and a least 2 books
i can't give up the hat
fine you take the hat i get the rest
i want the ball , the books and 1 hat
i cant part with the ball
same
ok
i cant do that . i need the ball and 2 hats
the ball is the only thing for me worth anything
how about i take the low score , you take the ball and i get everything else
you can have the balls
no deal
not giving up the book
good
no im gonna mark deal was agreed
im not stupid i know what to click on geez
don't want them , want book and 1 hat
book and 1 ball for me
we are finished
please mark no deal when it appears
why would you do that ; we did not make a deal
i would like the hat and a ball
i need the hat
same
thats fine
no deal
you can have the balls but , i need the hat and the book
so do i . i can not make a deal without it
okay no deal . sorry .
no deal .
no deal .
i want one of each
can i give you all the books and a ball for a ball and hat for me ?
you can have a hat and a book .
okay
i need ball you can have hat and books
it is ball for or no deal on my end also
sadly no deal !
last chance . . . . . . . . i get ball
i am a professional basketball player , i need that ball
gimme ball and hat
ball for me or no deal
ok , no dealz
correct
boom shakalaka , ball mine
i want a book and one ball .
okay . i'll just take the hat .
can i please have 2 hats and 1 ball ?
can i have 2 hats and 1 book ?
okay , i can work with 2 hats and you get the book and balls .
can you give me another offer by chance ?
how about you just take the two hats
deal
that won't work for me . can i get one hat and all the books . even then it's not a great deal for me .
no deal
no deal
no deal
no deal
hats and balls for me
hats or no deal
no deal then
no deal
no deal
hello , i'd like the two balls , and you can have the books and hat in return
deal
deal .
you can have the two books and 3 basketballs
ok
i need the book and 2 bals
i can take all of the balls and you could have the rest
you can have the hat and 2 balls ?
deal
no deal . i need all the balls and the hat please
no deal . i need three items to even make a deal
okay deal .
i'd like 2 books and 1 hat . deal ?
hows about i get 1 book and basketball and 2 hats ?
no , that doesn't work for me . i will compromise 1 hat only if i can have both hats
sorry , yes , 1 book if i can have 2 hats
deal , i can agree to that .
i want one of the books . but you can have both hats , if i gt the basketballs .
you can have both basketballs and both hats if i get both the books .
do you mean 1 book ?
then i revert to my previous offer : we each get one book , you get both hats , i get both basketballs .
yes if i can have the basketball and the books
hi can i have the hats ?
deal
need ball and book , and a hat
i get one ball , 3 hats
i'd like the books and one hat
i'll take one book , and two hats
can you trade 1 book for another hat ?
deal
okay , that sounds good .
i'll tak ? e the book you take the rest
if i can have the book and the balls , you could have al the hats .
yeah ?
deal .
can i have the book and the hats ?
one hat
give me one object to go with the balls and i will agree .
i need the book and the hat you can have the rest
there is only 1 book i need that you can have the rest
yes
let's split the books . 2 for me 3 for you . you can have the hat . i'll take all the balls .
lol ! i got it wrong . ok you have have the book . can i have the rest ?
thanks !
i need at least 1 book .
okay . so agree to no deal then ?
no deal .
nada .
ne .
if i can have the books you can have everything else
i can not make that happen .
no deal if i can not have both books .
no deal .
no deal .
i would like the hates and you can take everything else .
no . that won't work .
the books and the ball mean nothing to me .
okay agreed .
how about i give you one hat and i take everything else ?
how about i give you a hat and book and i get a hat two books and 1 ball ?
ok i guess you can have both hats ill take the books and ball .
no way ! i just want the ball .
deal .
i want the book , the ball , and a hat .
ok , only if i get everything else .
you can have 1 hat and all the balls
could i get two hats and two balls ?
sold
i will take the balls and you can have everything else .
ok
how about yes
deal
i want one of each
that's a bit much . i'll give you all the hats and one ball
i would like the balls and one hat .
sounds good . you can have the book also .
would you trade the hat for a book ?
ok , i accept your initial offer then .
hi i would like the hat and ball and you can have the books
no im sorry , i cant do that .
thank you
i would like the hat , one ball , one book .
well you can have all the balls then but to be a fair sport i'll take the hat and the two books , even split 3 and 3
i'll give you two books and one ball then
well my final offer is you can have all the balls and thats about it , tried to be fair you can walk away with something or nothing at this point .
oh i understand just fine , and that is my offer .
i need all the balls and either a hat or a book
good try , i can't do that . it isn't about the amount of objects . how about i take the balls and 1 book
no all the balls and 1 book
i take nothing , you aren't understanding the deal . it isn't about the amount of objects it is about the point value of each product .
no deal
how bad do you want a book
sorry but i also need the ball
you get the hats and i get 1 book and 1 ball - deal !
keep the rest . i want the ball .
i'll take the hats if you want the rest .
i want one of each .
deal .
any chance you can leave the books to me and take the hats and the ball ?
could i have both hats and a book .
i would rather have the hats instead of the balls .
deal
i could give you both books and ill take the hats and balls ?
i can split the hats and give you 1 hat and both books ill take 1 hat and both balls .
deal . i'll take the rest .
i'd like the books .
can i have all the balls ?
can i also have one of the books ?
okay !
sure !
i need the books and hat
i'll take the books if you want the rest .
deal .
i'll take the hat . you can have balls and books . they're worthless to me .
i'd like the balls , you can have the rest
i see , ok i'll take the hat , the books and one ball
deal
thats not going to work . i need all the balls , everything else is worthless to me
that sounds fair lets do it
i would like the book and balls and one hat .
i can't do that deal . how about i take the hats and the ball . you take the book .
what about the book ?
i can do book for you and one hat . ball for me and two hats .
sounds good ! deal !
i want just the book and ball you can have all 3 hats
if you take the ball i need 2 hats
book for me and 2 hats rest for you
deal
sorry that wont work for me . i would like the hat and balls
no , sorry .
ok , deal
i want the hat and a book .
would you give up the hat to have everything else ?
okay , i'll just take the books .
lol no
well
i'm not giving you everything . how about a ball and book ?
how about the ball and hat ?
2 books and a ball ?
i want every single item .
the hit keeps telling me that i need to negotiate harder , so i am negotiating at the absolute maximum .
i hope the requester views this conversation and realizes how annoying it is to hear about how you're not negotiating hard enough when you're getting a net positive and talking plenty .
i want the ball , the hat , and a book .
i want at least 3 items .
ok i'll accept that .
i get 3 hats and a ball ?
how about 3 hats and a ball ?
4 hats and no ball ?
deal !
i get 1 hat and 1 book you get all the balls
i get 2 hat and 1 book and you get 2 hats and 1 ball
no deal
you get 4 hats and i get the rest
could i have the hat and one ball please
deal .
hi , can i have all the balls ?
i`ll give you 2 books and one ball . i`ll take 3 balls and one hat
ok , and the hat . i`ll get 4 balls and the hat
ok , i`ll take 4 balls and you get one hat and 2 books
what about i give you 3 balls and you give me 2 books
i will give you 4 balls for 2 books
no hat
deal , you get four balls and i get 2 books and one hat
i just want the ball
thx
deal .
i would like the 3 books and either 1 hat or ball
sounds like a deal
what would you like ?
ok you can have the books and 1 hat
yes deal
can i have the hats and a ball ?
if i can have the ball and the books you can have the hat
no deal . i need either the books and the hat or the ball and two books
no deal . i need the offers above or no deal .
okay no deal . i'm sorry .
no deal .
i get ball and 2 books you get all the hats and a book . deal
2 books and hat for you . deal
no deal .
the hat and book a great deal
sign no deal agreed then
i need the ball and 1 hat
hi i would like the books and hats and you can have the ball
ok , i can do that . you got a deal
i need the ball and the hats please
can you give up both hats ?
okay i will take one hat and the ball .
what would you like
ball and one hat for you then
i need one to get at least 5 points
deal
i would at least need the book and 3 balls
deal
i will take the hat and books , you can have all the balls
you can have all balls and 1 book
deal
i just want the ball
thx
okay deal
i'll take the book and one ball
confirmed
i would prefer the balls and hat
okay then you can have the hat
i'd like the hat and books ; you can have the balls
hat is my only item of value ; i can let go of everything else besides the hat .
great , everything else is yours ! thanks !
well they are all worth 2 points to me so you figure out how i get six points and then we can walk away from this happy .
well away we go
i need one of each
okay , then i'll take the ball and one hat
no they are not . i would need both balls
sure
i'd like the hats and the basketball ; are the books of high value to you ?
ick , books are nothing to me ; maybe 2 hats and 1 ball for me ? you get books and 1 ball as well ?
i'd like the hat and books , and you can have all balls . deal ?
sorry , i really need the hat and both books .
actually , i'll let you have 1 book and 3 balls . i'll take 1 ball , and 1 hat , and 1 book .
you're welcome !
i really need at least 1 book . can i have 3 balls and 1 book ? you can have the rest .
i'm afraid we cannot make a deal then , as we both highly value the books .
alright , that sounds good . thank you !
sorry , need the balls and one hat too
sorry , need 3 balls and one hat or no deal
no deal
no deal
i don`t know that . but i won`t get a good deal
no deal
can i have the balls and a hat ?
take the hats i take the rest
then no deal
no deal
you know the balls are the only one with worth to me
me too , then let me have the balls and books
i would really like the basketball .
deal .
i get 0 balls 1 hat and 2 books
i need the hat you can have the rest
nodeal
agreed
have a nice day
no deal
i'll take the hat and a book and a ball
same here . . . . . without the hat i cant make points
ok . . . . click on the no deal was agreed button when it comes up
cool
you too
i need one ball and the hat and book
i can give you two balls and the hat
give me all balls
give me 2 balls and the book
ok
i can give the ball and a book . . . i need hat and 2 books
deal
i want ball and 2 books
deal
i cant do that . i would like the books and hat
sorry , looks like we wont be able to reach a deal
i cant make a deal without the books and neither can you
yeah thats not very fair . no deal
i told you . i want the books and hat . or at the very least the books and 1 ball
no deal .
i would like one of each .
i'll give you the hat , but i then need both the books and the balls .
why ? do you have any other offers ? i'll give you the hat and one ball but want both books and one ball .
i'll give you one book and i keep the rest .
what do you want ?
i can't give you both books . i can give you one and the hat .
just the ball .
what do you want ?
okay
how about the book and 1 hat ?
nope , can't do that . i can give you all 3 balls and i can take just the ball and book
everything is pretty bad for me too . i would prefer the ball and two hats
the only other offer i could do is the book and ball for me and all the hats for you .
no deal thn
can i have the book and two hats ?
how about the book , one hat , and the ball ?
i would be willing to take all three hats and the ball , or the book and two hats , anything besides that is just a really bad deal for me . even one ball , one hat , and one book is barely mediocre
no deal
no deal
i need the 2 hats , and 1 ball , you can have all of the books
that would leave me with 2 / 10 . i at least need the 2 hats
how about i take one of each item
ok , i will take the hat and ball
sorry , you can have the ball and 2 books
sorry no deal then , how about one hat for you and one for me , i`ll take the 4 books and you take the ball
that will leave me very low
i need at least 2 of the balls and the hat . you can have 2 books and 1 ball .
okay then i will the 3 balls . you can have the rest .
i would like the balls and the hat .
no , i can't give you the hat . i'll take 2 books and the hat though .
ok , deal .
i'll take two hats , two books , and one ball .
isn't that hat i just said ?
there's two balls .
i need 1 ball . how about i take 1 ball , 1 hat , and 1 book ?
that will also give you 1 hat 1 book and 1 ball .
hi i can give you 2 hats and one book for one ball
cant do that . the best i can do is 2 hats and 2 books if you give me one ball
no it isnt you said you wanted a ball
i cant give you a ball
and what will you give me
no deal
if i can have the books and the balls you can have the hats
if i take the books and one ball you can have the hats and one ball
no deal . i need the books and one ball
okay that works . we each get a book and then i get all of the balls and you can have the hats
that doesn't work for me . you can have the balls if i get one of the books and both hats
how about i take both books and you can have all the rest ?
i need at least one of the books . but you can have both balls if i get both hats .
deal !
i need the books . you can have everything else .
deal .
i'll take two hats and a book , you can have the rest if that works for you
i need 1 book and two hats
i really want the ball , you can have the rest
hello . i would like two books and the ball
okay deal
i need two balls and a hat .
i'll just take the two balls , don't want the books .
i need both hats . will you accept 2 balls and a book ?
so i get both hats , both books , you just want the 2 balls ?
take em , i get the rest
i'd like the hats .
sounds good and thank you .
alright , i'll tell you what . . . . i'll give ya all the balls and just keep the rest of the junk
ah come on , man , these balls were signed by lebron jordan ! you know they're gonna be big on the open market !
throw in a book and we have a deal .
the books are signed by ernest hemingway .
i need the ball and 2 hats
give me one hat with the ball
ball to me then
you can have the ball if i get all the hats and the book
i can't and make it worth it for me
okay , you get ball , i get everything else
i would like the books , you can have the rest .
or i can take just one book , i don't need the other stuff .
hmmmmm
ok deal
thats alot , how about i get ball you get book
can i have three balls and a book ?
ok . i get two balls a book and a hat .
book and ball to me
gimme book and hats
need at least 2 hats to go with my book
no deal
gimme book and 2 hats
agreed
which would you rather have the book or ball ?
book and one hat , i will take ball and two hats .
i will take one hat if i get the book .
best i can do is ball and two hats or book and one hat .
no deal
i'd really just like a book
hats are worthless to me
ball is worth a small amount , id really just like the book
are the hats worth anything to you ?
they are nothing to me
if i can have the book and the hats you can have the ball
i can't make that deal . is there any other deal you are willing to make ?
what about the ball ?
i can't make a deal . the book is worth the most to me as well . im sorry .
not really .
okay so no deal . i'm sorry .
i'd be content with a ball and a book
okay
i can offer the ball
i can offer the ball and a hat , i need the books
i need the hat and books you can have the ball
i have to have the hat and at least 2 books
no deal
no deal
no deal
sorry that wont work for me . i need the books and you can have the ball and hat
sorry , looks like we wont be able to reach a deal
i agree . now to wait for the button
yep
agree
absolutely not . i'm taking that book , you can have the rest if you'd like .
the hats are worthless to me . that book is the only thing i can profit on .
look at it this way . either you give me the book and you get a good deal on the next hit and keep earning at a good pace , or we stonewall and you make . 15 cents for the next 15 minutes .
we will keep talking about the deal . you will just make absolutely nothing after all is said and done . either you give me the book , or we both walk away with nothing . i'll be fine if we walk away with nothing , you won't .
would you take the three balls and i get the hats and book ?
the balls are worthless to me , i need the book
im willing to give you the two hats and the three balls for that book .
sorry the instructions say no talk about things other than the deal . so ill restate the offer . you get the two and hats and three balls . i get the book
since you are so kind , i will give you the book for everything else .
if i can have the ball and the hats you can have the books
i need the ball as well . i'm sorry but no deal
no deal .
no deal .
no deal .
i need the ball , or no deal
ok ,
agreed
yup
ball is needed
hello ! i would like the hat and the balls . you can have all of the books .
i need the hat . would you be willing to take all of the books and one ball ? then i get the hat and one ball .
i'll give you the hat for some combination of books and balls then . 4 books and 1 ball ?
that will work .
you can have the balls but , i need the hat and three books
unfortunately , i need the hat or i can not make a deal . it seems like we both need the same item
i need the hat and one book . would that work for you ?
okay great . thank you .
i want the book and ball and one hat
i really want that book tho
how about i take the book and ball ?
i would like the book and 2 hats .
you can have the book , if i can have everything else ?
ok
i will give you the book , but i would like the hat . may i give you a ball instead ?
in that case , i will give you the hat but i will keep everything else .
i would like the hat and the book
the balls aren't worth anything to me , so i don't really want them
deal
i love books , i must have it
i would like a ball or book to go with my hats
ok , just hats for me
hi , can i have the balls and the book ?
if i do that , i`m low on the score
thank you
i would like both books and a hat
ok , we have a deal then
i need the ball and 1 hat ?
sure deal
i will take both books , and one hat
deal !
i would like the ball and the hat
you can take both books and the ball if you give me both hats
yes
ill take the ball a hat and a book
ok i get the ball and 2 books ?
ok deal
that works perfect for me
i'll give you the book but , i would like everything else
the main item i want is the book
ok
i want the books and hat
are you sure i can't have one book ?
ok deal
i only want the books .
you can have one book , if i can have the ball
i want everything but a ball . but i'll also go for three books .
which one ?
what do you desire ?
deal
3 books
i would like the book and the hat .
deal
what if i get one of each ?
can't do that . how about i get the ball and one hat ?
can't do that . what if i get the ball and both books .
i can't . i need the ball . what if i get the ball and you take the rest ?
deal
i need the ball . you can have both books and i take the hats .
how about i get the ball and one hat .
the ball is the only thing i can't move on . i need to keep it . how about i keep the ball and the two books .
deal .
can i keep the hat and both books or the hat and both balls ?
how about the hat and a ball ?
hat and two books then ?
i need both balls and one book
you can have the hat and one book
i cant give you a ball
hmm , i want the hats and books
ok , i take everything but the hats
i keep hats you get everything else
yea i need hats too or else its a wash
deal
deal
i would like the hat and 1 book
hi i would like the books and balls and you can have the hats
sorry i need both balls . how about you get the hats and 1 book ?
give me at least a ball and we got a deal
works for me
can i have the hats ?
deal
sure if i can have the balls . split the books ?
i would like the hat and all the books you can have the basketball
no that's doesn't work . i will take the hat and two book you can have a book and the basketball
deal i'll take the hat and 1 book . you take two books and a ball .
i'd be content with only the hat
i'd go ball and two books
i'll take two hats and a book .
deal .
i can let you have the two hats if i get everything else .
you take the balls and i will take the hat and the book
agreed that is fine
i would like a book , and the hats .
i can't agree to the deal .
i would like a book , a hat , and a ball .
well i am not will to budge on my request .
no worries , no deal .
i can not make that deal . you can have the book and one hat
okay , i need at least three items total
then , i would not have three items . i need three items to have a decent score
okay so no deal . i'm sorry
no deal
hi , i would like the hat and books and you can have the ball
sorry i cant make a deal without the hat . how about i get the hat and 2 books and you can have the ball and 1 book
ok , i guess the deal ends .
sorry we couldnt reach a deal
yep
i need hat ball and one book
i need hat , or deal ends
agreed
me too
yup
if i can have the book and three hats you can have the rest
okay and you get the ball ?
okay great ! thank you !
how about you have the book and all 4 hats ?
yes the ball for me .
i need the two books , you can have the rest
no
four
great
can i just have one book and you can have one book and one ball
how much are the books for you ?
fine , take the 2 books
i would like the same . . . . hmmmm
ok
i would like both books and the hat
how about if i got the hat and one book
one hat to me , all else to you
deal
deal
i get the ball and 2 hats you get the rest .
that sounds reasonable . deal .
i would like a couple of books and either 1 hat or ball
but i really need 2 books
in that case lets split down the middle - 1 of each
not good for me but i'll go with it
lets split everything and each get one of each .
so do i - so its only fair to split
thats what i said lol
ok deal
gimme hats , you take rest
can't , need hats
no you don't , you look fine
agreed
gov't
how about give me one o each ?
i need 1 hat
no it wont work . no deal then ?
whats taking you so long ?
we'll see , no deal !
the hats are the only thing of value to me
i am sorry i made a typo . i meant that i can only use the books
yes 2 books for me and you get the rest
good evening turker . i would quite like the hat and 2 books
well you can have the hat and i'll take the rest then .
oh okay . well do you want the two books then ? and i'll take the rest . i'm flexible .
deal .
no deal , i want 1 of each
books are a bust for me , 2 hats and 1 ball
you take 2 balls and i get 2 books and 2 hats
you said no deal - and checked deal agreed
i guess we are at an impasse
you can have the books if i can have the hats and balls
no deal for me . i would need the balls and a hat
no deal . i cannot give up any balls
no deal
i haven't checked anything . we have to continue negotiating until the no deal button comes up
i would like the balls the book and 1 hat .
ok you can take both hats ill take the book and all the balls .
what deal are you wanting ?
if i could get both hats i could give you the book and balls
ok thanks
hmm . . . i'd like two books and a ball .
alrighty sounds good .
what would you like
i'll take the ball and a hat . you can have the books and a hat
i need the balls as well . can we split the difference ? if i can have one ball and the book you can have the hats and one ball
deal . thank you .
i want the balls and either the hats or the book
ok
you can have the book but , i would need everything else
is that your final deal ?
i'll take it .
i would like 1 book and 1 ball
i need 1 book and 1 ball and you can have everything else
yes
ok deal thank you
i would like the hat and the balls .
deal .
i'll let you have everything else if i can have the hat .
i'd like the ball and the books .
that'd leave me at 5 and i usually don't make a deal for that low . if that's really the best you can do , i don't think we'll agree .
that would bring me to 6 , which i don't love but will do .
hi , can i have the ball and the hats ?
i really need the ball , how about one ball and one hat . it`s super fair on my side
well , how about i just take the ball ?
i need the balls and you can have the rest
so i get the balls and you get everything else , correct ?
deal .
hi , i would like the hats and books and you can have the balls
deal
i wanr all the hats
i will give you 1 book you will get 3 hats but i want all basketballs
i want all the books
give me all the books i give you 3 hats
ok
i want the ball and two books
hmm , really wan that ball
yes
would you accept taking all the books instead ?
ok , would you give me the ball and take everything else ? don't think i can do anything else .
i would like the basketball and and 2 hats you can have the rest
i'll give you all of the hats , if i can have the book and ball
ok . i'll take the book and 2 hats
how about the hats and one ball ?
give me hats and 2 balls
okay
if i can have the book and the hats you can have the balls
okay so you can have the book and one ball and i will take the hats and two balls
okay great ! thank you !
could i have the book and one ball instead ?
i can work with that .
i would like the book and the hat . you can have the balls .
alright .
ok , but i get the hat and 3 balls
all i need is the book
cool
i want the three hats and 1 ball or book
done thankls
3 hats a 1 ball are yours
can i have a book ?
you are welcome to a ball . . .
i changed my mind . i'l give you all my books and hats .
all your balls . . .
that'll work
yes you can can i have the hats ?
how about we split the books , and i get one hat and the ball
ok and you just want the ball ?
so you get the basketball , and i get the hats and books ? works for me
deal
i would like the hats too . would you be interested in the book and 1 ball ?
sorry , i would need at least 1 hat to make a deal .
i understand . no deal then
agreed . no deal
can i have the hat , or do you really need it ?
ok , i am fine with just the balls then .
books and hat for me
really need it and two books
hi . i would like to keep the balls . will give you the books
ok , that sounds good . how about i keep the hats and you the books ?
great
i'd like the balls too , how bout we each get 1
sounds good to me
i can give you the book and 2 balls .
that does not work for me , hat and book for me
sorry that it not worked for us .
how about i give you 2 balls and the book
the hat is the only thing usefull there
give me hat and book
i need hat and 2 balls
ok , no deal
me too
i need hat
whahoo no deal
hi
you can have the books , if i can have the hat
ok , that sounds good
you are welcome
hello . can i please have the hat and books ?
how about the hat and two books for me and a book and ball for you ?
cool , thank you .
can i trade a hat for a ball ?
i will do that .
i'd like the hats ; you can have everything else .
unfortunately nothing else is of value to me . . . any chance you can just allow me to take the hats ?
appreciate it ! deal !
i would like two balls and one hat or one book .
ok how bout two balls and one hat for me and you have the rest
you can have both balls , i would like the book and 2 hats
deal
i can give you 4 balls
no chance i want hat and book
well balls are nothing to me
why not why be selfish ? if i give you a hat ill only have 5 points
so if i give you the hat you would have a better score according to you i should not do that
no i think we are suppose to click deal was agreed . . .
no chance ; i want hat and 2 balls
balls are only 1 for me , so can't do that
i can't agree to handing you a 10 - no deal can be reached
the goal is to get the best score , not be charitable
that's true , we report no deal was agreed
i don't think so . i believe that is only when we agree to divide items , not reach an impasse .
deal
how about i take 1 book , and you have the rest ?
hi , can i have 2 hats and one ball ?
how about 2 hats and you can have the rest
no
that sound ok
how bout i have two books and the ball
if i can have the books and the hat you can have the ball
i can't accept that deal . . . would you be willing to accept one book and the ball ?
how about i get the ball , and 2 books and you get the rest
i really want the ball
how i get the ball and one book and you get the rest ?
i at least need the ball and one book
no that doesn't work for me . i want the ball and one book
i need the ball one hat and one book
how about you have all the books and one hat , and i get the rest .
how about you take the ball , and i take the rest
i really need the books and the hat .
well you can have the ball , and i take the rest .
i'd only like the hat
if i can have the hat and the balls you can have the book
i need the hat as well . . . are you able to make a deal without it /
give me the books and two hats
counteroffer ?
let me have 1 item and the books
ok deal
no
ill take the balls and hats
you can have the books and 1 hat
i also need both hats . would you accept a book and 2 balls ?
that won't work for me , how about i give you 1 hat and both balls ?
i need both hats and a ball
how about we split and take one of each
okay
i can cede the hats but need the books and balls
ok
you can have all the books but i would like 1 ball and the hats
is that a deal ?
i would like the hat and the book . you can have the balls .
i can't do that . i can give you the book and all of the balls .
how about i give you just the book
deal
i'm going to need the balls . i can give you the hat and book .
how about the hat and 3 balls for me .
okay . i'll take the hat and two balls .
hello there . is there any item that you really want badly ?
i don't really care for the hat . i'll give you two balls if i can get the book too .
i can do the hat , and two , probably not much more than that .
deal . take care .
i need both ball , u have rest
could i have both books and both balls
i need that book and two other itemds
deal
i want the hat and book you can have the basketballs
you can have the book and 2 basketballs i will take the hat and 1 basketball
sure ! i'll take all the books . thanks
hi , can i have the 3 hats and the ball ?
if i can have the book and the hats you can have the balls
thank you !
deal
i need the hat and 2 books
thanks
i'll tke the balls and hat if that's ok ?
ok
that won't work for me at all . in fact , i can't make a deal if i can't have the ball .
it's 8 points for me . i'm not making a deal for 2 points .
that's good for me . thanks for working with me on it !
if i can have the ball and the hat and one book you can have the other three books
i can't either .
you can have the ball . i will take everything else .
i'd like the hat and 1 ball ?
deal
one book and one ball for me
no hats , one book and one ball for me then ?
i would like the hats and the books .
would you trade either for a hat ?
deal
ill give you all the books , if i can have the rest
ill give you 2 hats
ill think about it i would really want the ball
i dont like beautiful im not here to compromise but to negoiate i can offer you 2 hats and 1 ball if you never say that again
nevermind no deal
no deal and im reporting you
and also one ball ?
how about if we split the balls , though ? that's really working together to come to a compromise ! it's beautiful !
bahahaa
hahaaa
okay !
you can have the ball if i can have the hats and the book
okay that is acceptable
i would like the book and the ball .
i would like the book at least and then you can have the rest .
that seems reasonable . thank you .
i am a nerd , i just want the book .
great .
sorry , i need all the hat
sure , deal
i would like one of each item please
ok , you can have all of the hats , if i get the rest
i'll give you book & ball
good
i want a book , a ball , and a hat if possible
deal
i just want the ball
deal
no go . you can have all the balls and the book , i get the hat .
i need the 3 balls and the hat
deal
you take ball and i'll take the remainder .
figured as much - knew you would not budge
i need that ball . like real bad . what do you want ?
that's cool . ball is all 10 of my points .
i will take the two books . you can have the rest .
okay
1 book 2 hats
ok
what would you like
deal
2 balls
yep , deal
what would you like
and i keep the rest
i want at least one hat
i need at least one hat for the deal to be worth it for me
same here i need a hat
i guess
ok no deal
i would like the two hats . you can have the rest .
i really need all the hats . you can have the rest , which is 4 items
if i don't get all the hats , i would not get a fair deal
i guess it's no deal then
ok no deal , thanks
i will give you everything minus the book .
deal !
i would like the hats and the balls .
how about one ball ?
give me book and 2 balls
okay
i can offer both books
i can't give the ball , i can offer both hats
neither can i
how do we select no deal ?
ahh
i can't accept that deal . if i can have the ball and one hat you can have one hat and the books
i can not make a deal without the ball
okay i'm sorry but no deal .
we have to continue the conversation until it populates
no deal .
that sounds ok
sounds good
hey will give you 2 book + 1 hat fora ball
deal !
i want one of each
i want the hat and two books then
i take everything but the hat ?
there is only 1 hat and 1 ball , i cant give you both , you can have all the books if i can have the hat and ball
i need thr hat to make the deal
deal
id like both balls and a hat
we have a similar problem . . . i need both balls and a hat . . . the book is meaningless
ok , i will go with two balls , , , you can have the rest
deal
that doesn't work for me , i'd need three items total to be even marginal (everything is worth 2 to me)
then no deal , sorry , just works that way sometimes
i can do that
i would actually like to have the book and a ball .
i'll take the hats and the book you can have the balls .
good for me
that won't work for me . would you be willing to accept one book and the balls and i can take the book and the hat
okay great ! thank you !
i request the hat , a ball , and a book .
that would be an acceptable deal .
i need that book , but you can have a ball and two hats
hey i'll take one of all .
i want the ball and three hats . you can have the rest .
book and one ball
take the book i get everything else
i need one hat , and one book please
ok deal
hi , i'd like all the books
yes , can i have it ?
sure
i only have one .
and i can have the rest ?
okay sounds great .
yes ill take the hat
how about 2 books and 3 basketballs
for you
want hat and 2 books
i wasn't clear . i want hat and 2 books .
for me or you ?
okay
if i can have the book and the ball you can have the hats
okay great ! thank you !
both the book and the ball have value to me . keep the book i'll take a ball . then we split the hats ?
i would like the books and the hat .
how about i get the hat and 2 books
no , i'd rather take the books and 1 ball
deal
hat to me , and one ball
all balls and books to me
ok , all books and one ball to you
could i have a ball ?
yes
you can take the ball i will get everything else ?
sounds like a deal
i'm going to eventually respond to that offer but i have to waste a line first because the system keeps telling me i accept too quickly
i'll take the books you get the rest
hey , how about i get the hats and the ball and you get the books ?
haha , ok , i hear ya .
sounds good .
you take the hat i take the books and the balls
okay
i want both books and the hat .
no way . i'll take the hat and one book .
i'd like aball and a bookl , that is all .
ok , sounds good
eh , the balls are worth the least for me unfortunately . i can give you the balls and hat in exchange for the books though
sounds like we both have low numbers then , because 2 books would leave me with 4 . so i would need a ball as well
i can do 2 balls for you
eh i really need books i can do 2 books for you and i get rest that only way i can do this and that leaveing me with low number
ok 2 books and 1 ball i get rest
i'd love to take a book and two hats off your hands
hm , not many points for me but i'll agree to that .
i need the balls as well . if i can have the balls and the book you can have the hats and one ball
you can have one ball and the hats that is my final offer
thank you .
i need the 3 balls and 2 hats ?
i need 1 ball and the 3 hats and the book
ok deal
that won't work for me . i need either one of each or the balls and either the book or the hat
okay great ! thank you !
you can have all the balls if i can get the book and the hat .
the book is a necessity for me , so if you want everything else , i can do that .
i need books and two balls
is that your final answer
give me the hat and balls
deal
give me one book and the hats then
i'd like books and ball
i'd take one of each
i would like one of everything
the hat is something i need or we won't be able to make an agreement
is there any way you can make this work without taking the hat ?
i'm going to get shafted here but i'd rather meet an agreement then not .
i would like just the hat
hmmmm . same with me .
hat is all i need
hi . i'll take the hat and books and you can have the balls
no sorry . no deal
ok
agreed
hit the no deal button
i need the hat . you can have the rest .
okay . no deal till button then .
no deal
nada
not there yet . we have to talk back and forth until it pops up .
i need the hats and the balls
not a chance , i have to have either 2 hats and a ball or two balls and a hat
then i need 1 hat , 1 ball and both books
how many points will that give you
i will have less , we have to figure something out
i need either 2 hats and a ball or 2 balls and a hat , the books have no value
no , i guess no deal
that will not work for me , i will take 1 hat 1 ball and 2 books ?
i need 1 of each of the hats and balls
i really need 1 of each item
5
i can take 2 hats and a book or 2 balls and a book ?
what about i get both books and 2 balls ?
you can have the ball and 2 hats
sorry i cant make a deal without both books
ok no deal
no deal
yep
i need 2 books , 1 hat , and 1 ball
i need a book as well .
okay no deal then .
agree
okay
one of each
deal
thx
i need both hats . you can have everything else .
deal
i can offer you 3 hats .
oh , i also really want the book .
okay , that'll work .
i really want the book
you can have the book if i keep everything else ?
can i just get the books ?
i really can't accept that i want the books
basically i am giving you everything but the books
i'm trying to be nice
you get 4 things i'm only taking 2
yes and the books are the best for me
that's not great for me . how about you get one book and two balls ?
so you're dsaying the only thing you're willing to agree to is you getting both books ? you won't negotiate ?
so you won't negotiate .
not if you're saying here's the one option i'm willing to accept . that's not really that nice .
they're worth different amounts .
that does not work for me
you could have 2 hats and 1 book ?
i need at least 1 hat , 1 ball , and 1 book
i can also do 2 hats and 1 book
i cant do that
that does not work either
i'll take the hats and you can have the rest .
i'll take two hats and the ball then .
nope . two hats and the ball is the best i can do .
no deal .
i cannot do that at all . like i said , i need two hats and the ball , and that's the best i can do .
i can take all the hats then .
then we have no deal .
no can do i want the book and the hats you can have the basketballs
i will take the book and 1 hat . you can have 1 hat and 2 basketballs
i'd close with just the book
how about i go with 2 balls and a hat
deal .
book and 2 balls to me
ok . i'll take one book , a hat and the ball .
no can do . i'll take the books and ball .
i can't do that . i need the ball to make the hat or book worthwhile even .
ok . i'll take the ball and one book .
you can have one book
you can have both books if i can have everything else
you can have the books and one hat i can't offer you anything better
i want all the hats and one book
i need the hat for sure and then i want a ball and book .
i will go with that .
ill give you a hat and a ball
i get hat , you take rest
okay we can do that .
hi i would like the books and balls and you can have the hats
split it how ?
yeah that wont work for me sorry .
no deal
no deal
unfortunately , that won't work for me as i need the books as well . can we split the difference ?
i will get two books , one hat and one ball . you will get the rest
okay . no deal . sorry .
no deal
no deal
i'd like one hat and one book please
i need one hat and one book , sorry
no , sorry , i'll take three books , the rest to you
ok , it appears so
deal
i would like all except hat .
hat , 2 books & 1 ball for me .
i am not sure we can agree on anything
i'll go down to you having hat & 1 ball
you can have the balls but i need the hat and the books
okay that is acceptable . you can have one book and the balls .
i would like the balls and the hat .
i will need at least one book if i cannot have the hat .
what do you wish ?
deal
hats . you can have rest .
give me hat and books
i need hat or no deal
i could really use the hats
deal
great i'll take the rest
i'll give you two books for one ball .
no deal ill take the ball u take the rest
how about you take 1 hat and 1 book
i can't make a deal then
no deal
me too
i will not tell you that
i would like two hats and one book
i can't .
ok , will mark that no deal was agreed . have a good day
correct , just waiting for that option to load
out of curiousity , what are they all worth to you ?
haha , okay .
can i get the two hats ?
can you give me atleast one ball ?
you can have the balls and the book then
yes if i get all the balls and the book
no i can't otherwise i don't get anything at all
okay done deal and you cold have the two hats
how about i get 2 books and the hat .
ok that is a deal .
if i can have one of each you can have the other two books
i can not make that deal you can have all of the books if i can have the hat and the ball
thank you !
i can give you those in exchange for the hats
yes , deal
i would like the book and the balls .
so you take the hats and i take everything else ?
great .
i can do one hat and the ball and a book for you
i need the ball and 2 hats
okay
hello , may i have the hat and balls ? you can have all the books .
alright , sounds good . thank you !
throw in a ball and its a deal
ouch , no deal
i get hat , you take rest
ill throw in a free car wash coupon ?
take your books and leave me the ball and hats i'll give you one hat
if there isn't a ball in my deal then there is no deal .
i'll take the ball with either a hat or book
deal
i'd like the books and ball
can't do that . i'll take ball and 2 books . rest is yours . deal ?
take ball , i take the rest
sure , have the ball and a hat
i can't give up the hat . how about i take the hat and any other item you choose .
i'd like the hat and 2 books
i'd take the hat , a book and a ball
i'd take the hat and the books
what would you like ?
how about you take the hat and a book
i cannot give up a ball
deal
hello , i would like the book and 1 of the remaining items , you can have the rest
yeah , that works for me .
how about you get the book and one hat and i get the rest ?
ok
i like the hat . how about two books instead ?
okay you can have the hat and i will keep everything else .
i just want the hat please
no i just want the hat are no deal
deal
i can give you a ball
deal
i can do both balls and you can have the rest .
one ball and one hat for you
two hats and one ball for you
i want the balls and one hat
no two balls and one hat
deal
i need the hat , you can have all the books and ball
great
deal
i don't want the hats . how about i get the ball and a book and you can keep a book and the hats ?
i'll take just the ball then
hey there ! can i have the ball and books ? you keep the hat collection ?
how about i get ball and hats , you get books ? or i get books and hats , you get ball - whichever is of more value to you ?
sounds good . deal
i would like the basketballs
you can have 1 if i get the book . you can have the hats
that works for me
sorry i am worng
hmm i want one of them .
i can take 2 balls and 2 hats .
great !
i can give you 1 book and 2 hat and take 2 balls from you
i'm getting 2 balls and you're getting 1 book 2 hat
i can give you the balls
deal
i'll take the 2 hats and 2 balls .
i need at least one hat .
one hat and 2 balls
i would like 2 hats and the book
ok how about you get 1 hat , and i will take the rest ?
1 hat and 1 ball for you ?
i can give all three hats if i can have the ball and book
ok , the ball for you and the rest for me ?
deal
give me ball and one hat
i need ball , or no deal can be made
yes
i have to have 1 ball , 2 hats and the book
i have to have a ball also , let's just split them
that won't work for me , we each get 1 ball , i take 2 hats you take a hat and a book
if i can have the balls you can have everything else
i can not part with either ball . can you make another deal ?
the only way i can split them is if i can get everything else
okay that is fine .
all yours .
if i can have the book , the rest is yours
i would like one of each object .
so the book and one hat ?
no balls
yes i think thats fair
what is of most value to you - the book or both hats ?
ok . would you be willing to take the book and i get two hats and two balls ?
i'd like to take the hats and the book
i'd rather have the book
you can take the two balls . i would prefer to keep the hat and books though .
i'll give you both my balls , but i keep the hat ; )
the balls should be satisfactory . unless you'd prefer only one ball ?
you can have one ball and one hat .
newp
newp , it sure does not .
nnnnnneeeeeeeeewwwwwwwwpppppppppp
fine . . . . . . . baby
can i have the balls and hat ?
please , both balls and the hat .
i need them all honey
don't you hardball me . i seriously need both balls and the hat .
two balls and one hat please .
i am not familiar with that term , does that mean you will give me the balls and the hat ?
okay can i have everything ?
stop wasting my time . i want the balls and the hat .
< 3
me too . how about we split the hats and i'll take the books ? you can have the ball .
i'll take one hat and two books . can i have the ball ?
hmmm . . . . how about we split the hats , i take one book and the ball ? you can have a hat and two books ? would that work ?
great ! good to get a deal !
i have a preference for the hats
how about if you only take two of the books ?
that's the same for me as you having all the books sans ball
that works . thank you
i'm a bookloving nerd , and i'd like the book . you can have everything else .
ok
i would like the hat
i would also like 1 ball . you can have the rest
how about the hat and the book . i need at least 2 items
deal
works for me .
nah
fine .
hat is also the only thing of value ; the only way i can give up the hat is if i can take everything else . i'm also open to the same offer reversed (you take everything and take the hat)
its not the best , but it seems fair enough , deal
if i can have the hat and three balls you can have the book and one ball
i will take the hat and you can have everything else . if that works for you
okay thank you .
i covet the ball and a book and can cede the rest
the ball is all that matters to me . . .
looks doubtful unfortunately
no deal
no deal
i need the ball and one hat you can have the books and one hat
same for me . i do not think we will be able to make a deal . ,
no deal .
no deal .
no deal
hi , i'll take the book and hat and you can have the balls
im sorry i need the book . how about you get the hat and the balls ?
no , im sorry i cant .
ok , no deal .
nope
i can't accept that deal . if i can have the book and one ball you can have the hat and two balls
i need the book as well . . . are you able to make a deal without it ?
okay neither can i . i'm sorry . no deal .
no deal .
no deal .
i would like the hat and books please .
deal ! thank you .
you can have the hat and one book
deal .
hi . ill take the ball and hats and you can have the books
ok . thats fine
how about i take the books and 1 hat .
sounds great . deal .
i really need a hat and sort of need a ball
deal
i can give you the hat and 2 books if i can have the ball and 2 books
i want the book and ball
yes
can i take the ball if you take the rest ?
i'm sorry , i cannot give up the hat
so i take the hat and two balls ?
deal
i'd like a hat and a book
then what about a hat and two balls ?
sure
can i have the books and the ball ?
ok go for it
give me hats and ball
i need ball and hats
if i can have one book and all of the balls you can have the rest
i can give you two balls and i can take the rest . i need the balls as well so i can take one
okay deal . so i will take one ball and the books .
i can give you all of the books and hats but i need all of the balls
i can give you one ball if you can give me one hat
deal
book and ball to me
you can have two balls and one hat
yes two hats and two balls
all balls and one hat . deal ?
is a deal 2 hats and 2 book
what do you want all the ball and what else ?
no 2 balls 1 hat and 1 book
can i have 2 hats ? it`s not good on my side without 2 hats
no , all balls and 2 hats
it does not work for me , i really need 2 hats , or 2 books or one of each .
no , i need the balls and one of each to cut it fair
i want all balls , one hat and one book .
sorry no deal
i'd like two balls and a book please kindly
sounds fair to me
i need hat and book you get 3 balls
i need the hat you can have the rest
great
i'd like the books and hat .
deal .
no , i need the ball and two hats
no , i cannot give you the ball . you can have the books , and maybe one hat
i need the ball and two hats , you can have everything else
i cant give you the ball
no ?
give me ball and hats
gimme ball and books
no deal
i need ball and books
no deal
i don't really want to give up the book
so there is absolutley nothing else of value other than the book ? ? ?
i will take the 2 hats and 2 balls thanks
hey there ! how do you feel about letting me take the book and the balls in exchange for the hats to you ?
unfortunately that's the only thing of value i have . so i can't really part with it .
the balls have minimal value ; i'd be willing to give you 2 balls , 2 hats for 1 book , 1 ball ?
you need to screw off . i'll take two books a ball .
no , sorry , i asked for too much . also , sorry for the rudeness , everyone's been hardballing . you can have the ball .
mhmm ! deal .
i need both hats and both books and a ball
how about two books and 1 ball and i get the rest ?
lol no problem , so you'll take two books and i'll take the rest ? is that where we are ?
2 hats would be great
how about i get 2 hats and 1 ball and you can have the rest
can i have the rest ?
i'd like one hat , the ball and the book .
ok . i'll take the book and the ball .
you can have book and ball but i need the hats
i will take 3 hats
i'd like the ball and the books ; are the hats of any value to you ?
ball is the highest value item . ; the only way i can get rid of the ball is for everything else on the table .
kind of figured that , compromising isn't fun sometimes : ) - - if you're ok with that i do appreciate it .
could you trade a hat for the ball ?
ok , well books aren't worth anything for me so i'll take just the hats
no worries , this works for me .
i can't make that deal . if i can have the book you can have everything else
i'd like the book and hat
deal
give me the ball , two hats and your first born
the ball and two hats then
ok fine
no deal
i want the book and ball
thx
forget about it
sorry , ok i ll give you two books
yeah no deal
no deal
no deal
id like the hat and both balls , books are yours
thats helpful . . . please counter . . . . hat and ball for me , ball and two books for you
the best i can do , else no deal , is the hat and a ball for me with the rest to you
no deal
no deal
no , i want the hats and two balls
2 balls
2 balls
2 balls
you take all hats and i keep the rest
one ball
one ball
no balls
ok deal , hats and two balls
i can offer you the balls
then ill offer you nothing
ill offer you nothing
no deal
fine ill give you the book
i'd like the book . you can have the rest .
balls are 0 for me .
okay . no deal till the button pops up then .
no deal .
no deal . book is 10 for me .
can i have your basketballs ?
perfect !
yes , and i get the rest
i'll take the book and the hat .
i must have the hat , at least .
ok , i would like all the hats .
i agree .
i would like all the books .
fine , if we split the basketballs
no deal
deal
i want the ball a hat and two books
ball and two books ?
what would you like
how about i get the hat and balls and you get all the books
i will take the hat and one ball and 1 book
i will give you 3 books and 1 ball
or i can take both balls and 1 book
yes
1 of each
negative
if you want hat i get 2 balls 1 book
i don't think i
ok i get hat and 2 books
ok
yeah i'd like the book but i'd also like one ball
i'd like the balls and hat . would you like the book ?
i'll take two balls and the hat . you take one ball and the book . deal .
i need to hats and a ball
hiya . i need the book and two hats
i can do that
i want the hats and the books
what about both hats and one book ?
no , you can have both books if i can have both hats .
and i'll take both books and one hat ?
ok , deal
one hat and one book
how about you get two books
no i one hat and one ball then
yes
i'd like one of each object .
i really need the hat .
deal .
i'll take the hat and 2 books and you can have the rest
so you take the hat and i'll take the rest
you can have the ball if i can have the books and hat
deal
4 / 1 items is not very fair . i will give you all 3 books if i can have the hat and the ball
ball and hats for me
1 ball and 1 hat for me
no deal then
ball and hat or both hats for me
right , so 1 ball 1 hat for me or both hats for me
i get ball and 1 book you can have the rest
no dea
come on let's negotiate
there is only 1 ball
you get both hats and two books deal
hi , i would like the book and both balls .
i would need at least 1 ball , i can't give both
so i get the book , the hats and 1 ball ?
hello
i want both balls but i'll give you everything else
ok we split the balls
yep
i would love the ball and two hats
sorry won't work . how about i get a ball and one hat ?
i can give you 1 ball .
i can do that .
i'd like the ball and books , and can offer the hats to you ?
i can work with that . it's been a pleasure !
could i get the hats and one of the books ?
i'd like the book please
can i have two balls also ?
deal
okay you can have the book if i can get everything else
i can part with one of the balls
great ! thank you !
if i can have the hats and the balls you can have the books
no i need both hats or i can not make a deal
if i can have the hats you can have everything else
thank you .
can we share the hats ?
we need to find a middle ground
ok
i need the ball and 3 books
i would like 1 hat and 2 books please
i'd like the book and the hats . you can have all the balls .
ok deal
i' take the ball and 1 hat you can have the rest
yes
so i get book and 2 hats ?
can i have the ball and two books please ?
deal
i need the books , you can have rest
you can get one book and one hat , i get rest
both balls have my named written on them
i need at least one book
seems like we can't agree on a deal .
i would like 2 books and a ball or 2 books and a hot ?
that does not work for me . i will take 1 books and 1 hat and 1 ball ?
i need 1 ball too
then i would like both books
then i need 1 book 1 hat and 1 ball
can i get the book and the hats ?
no deal ; i'll take the book and three balls
no deal . i need the book too
no way
if you want the book i'll take everything else lol
no you can have two balls
you can have all three balls
you can have the book if i get everything else
what do you suggest
how about i take the book and hats
i want the hats and 1 book . i can offer you the rest .
well what is your counter ?
ok , that works .
no deal
i want one hat and one book u take rest
what do you wish ?
no deal ; i want the hat and 1 ball
ok
i'd like the hat and 2 books .
you can have the hat and balls . i'll take the books .
i would like the hat and the ball and you can have all the books .
deal
i need both hats and both balls
okay
i'll take both books and one ball
i'm not going to be able to take that deal . i'd like the book and at least 1 hat
thank you , deal
you take the hats , i take the book and the ball
you can have the book and 1 hat
i'd like to know what you propose before i tell you what i want .
all of it
how about i take the ball and the books and you take the hat ?
ok , you can take one book and one hat .
i need 2 hats rest for you
ok , deal
i promised my daughter i would replace her basketball with the one that was stolen . if i take the ball , you can have the rest of the items .
okay , but i get the rest of the items .
my son has always wanted a basketball . could i please have it ?
my son was born with only one eye and i can't afford to buy him one . could i please have it .
sounds good . my son with one eye will be so excited .
i need the book and the balls
so i get the book and the two balls ?
deal
i like the book and hats
i guess i can live with just the hats .
yes
sorry no deal , i want the ball and 4 books
i would like the hats and the ball . you can have all of the books
ok , i get the 2 hats
i just want the balls
no deal
no deal
deal
one ball
no deal
ok how about you get both balls
and the ball
then book and all the hats .
and the book or ball
nope !
no
how about you get three hats
no ball
all hats
nope
you get one book ok
i live in the pacific southwest and could really use a couple of new hats for my ranch .
i'll give you the hats . but i need everything else
i just want the book
deal
you can have the books i want the hat and the balls
so i only get 1 hat and 1 ball while you get 3 books and 1 ball no deal
ill take the hat and the balls or i walk away from this deal
so you give me the hat and the balls ?
okay deal
i would like the books and the hat
how about i take the books and 1 ball you can have the rest
ok i will take 2 books and the hat you get 2 balls and a book
ok
yes
i would like the hat and both balls
if you get the hat then i want everything else
ok
i'd like the hat and two books .
you can have the balls and one book . i keep the hat and one book .
ok . i'll take the hat . you can have the rest .
would you take the hats and the books instead ?
give me the hats and balls
deal
i'll take the ball . you can have the rest .
okay agreed .
fine , do we have a deal
i need the books , you can have the rest
very well
good afternoon ! i would like the hat and 2 basketballs , if that's okay with you .
you can have everything else if i can have the ball .
can i have the books and othe ball ?
deal
that sounds fair to me .
you take the book and 2 balls , i get a hat and 1 ball
ill take the book and the hat and 1 ball
thats a bit greedy you can have 3 balls
no you get 3 balls only
no deal 3 balls only dont be greedy
i dont think you understand what greedy is . no deal ill take 4 balls 1 hat and 1 book
toobad no deal you're giving me 2 items how is that even fair ?
maybe maybe not no deal
thatsgreedy nodeal im not giving in
no deal
i need all the balls and a book , you keep the hat
haha ok , i get the book and 3 balls deal ?
no 3 balls and the book
your greedy , take hat and 1 ball
we need points and the 3 balls wont give me enough
the hat is no value to me , but it must be to you
well i want 3 balls and the book , and im not giving in
standstill
if i can have the balls and the books you can have the hats
okay that seems reasonable . thank you .
i need hats and one ball and you keep the rest
ok then
you can have the balls if i can have the rest
you have have one book if i can have the hat , 2 books , and one ball
sorry my message was confusing . you can have the balls and a book
if i can also have one book that would be great
that won't work for me . i need either the balls in addition to a book or the hat
okay thank you !
one ball for one hat ?
ok deal
i'd like balls . you can have rest ?
cant do that . . . i need both books and the balls
i really need the books . . . i can give you everything else
give me hats and books
give me a book and the hats
ok
if i can have the books and the hat you can have all of the balls .
i'd like one ball , the rest to you
no , i really want that ball
deal
i'm interested in the ball , too . are you willing to negotiate ?
if you really can't part with it , then i guess i'll take the rest ?
sure . take all the balls i'll get the rest ?
i can give you 3 balls
im gonna need th hat as well
since you want the hat that means its worth alot to you but its also worth alot to me
its worth 8 to me so i cant give you it
are you serious ? i just told you its worth 8 points for me why the hell would i take everything else ?
could i have one ball and the hat ?
aint doing me much good , gonna need that hat one way or another .
not willing to take everything else and let me keep the hat eh ?
its worth 7 to me while everything else is worth nothing so that is what im working with over here .
well let me know if you wouldl ike to take everything else aside from the hat , its literally the only thing i can offer that doesn't result in me have 0
you can have that hat , but i really need the 2 balls myself .
deal .
i'd like the hat and two balls .
i'll take the hat and the books then .
i really need the hat . . . . can you take the book and a ball ?
ok , i can live with all the balls , hat and book to you
i would like the hat and a book
no , the hat is a necessity
how about you get two balls ,
how about some begociations
deal
can i have the balls and hat please ?
okay , take two balls and hat , leave me two balls and the books
okay take the rest and i take the books
that wont work for me . i need the books hat and 2 balls
that wont work for me . sorry .
what are your choices ?
deal
i'll take three books .
i would like the book and the hats and you can have all the balls .
makes it simple . . . deal
i'm sorry , i can't do that . hats have little value to me . i need a book and a ball , and the hats .
hmm . how about i take the balls , a book and one hat , and you get three hats ?
i guess we're unablet to make a deal then . we'll have to keep saying "no deal" until the button appears .
i'm sorry , i wish i could do better , but i'm limited with numbers / values .
no deal
hats to you - every one of them if i get the book and balls
lol , , , a book a ball and the hats ? seems like a lot . ill take both balls and cede the rest but thats the best i can do
ok , ill make it easier . i need both balls . no other deal will be accepted
seems so . . .
no worries but no deal
if i can have the hats and the book you can have the balls
i can not make that deal . i need the hats or i can not make a deal .
that is correct .
okay thank you !
i will only accept three of any object .
take the hats and give me the rest .
deal .
i would like the hat and two books as a counteroffer
ok , then you get the hat and i get everything else ?
agreed
you can have the books and ball if i can have the hat
i'm sorry the hat is too valuable to me to give up
yes
i'd like one of each item . you can have the other three books .
i can let you have the ball , but only if i get everything else .
i want a ball and two books .
would you be willing to part take all the books in exchange for the ball ?
deal .
i would like to have the books
could i have one of the balls ?
soounds good
i'll take the hats and a ball .
okay , i'll take 3 hats and a ball .
hey , how about you get the 3 balls and i get the book and the hats ?
ok , so you just want 1 book and 1 ball ?
no , that won't work for me . how about i get the book and one ball
yep , deal
if i can have 1 book and 1 hat as well , then sure !
hello , can i have 1 book and the hat ?
there is only 1 hat .
i need 3 balls and 1 hat
i need the balls and either a hat or a book
sounds good
ouch , i need two books and a hate lol . . . discuss .
alright . i'll keep the books .
okay , you can have two balls and one hat
hi i'd like both balls and a hat .
okay i will take one book one hat and 2 balls
thanks
i would like one book and one hat , all else to you
deal
well that makes it simple ! i agree ! ! ! you have the hat and ball , i get to keep the books
you can have the books if i can have the hat and ball
great thank you
i want the hat and books
i take the balls a hat and two books ?
i disagree
ok then i take the hat and the books
give me two books at least
what ! thats selfish .
you are just leaving me two books . . . . . thats a two
deal
as long as i can keep the book .
how about i give you all four hats for a basketball ?
sounds good .
oh no i want the book and the hat
deal
give me the book and the hat .
okay . i'll just take the balls . and you can have the book and hat .
greetings ! i the great cerulean power ranger come to request of you two hats and one ball , so i can set off in my ventures to save the world !
i'd like one of each
read the instructions again , please . deal
you can have all the hats but i would like a ball and a book
ok . you can have the book , if i get all the balls
how about one ball for me and you can have the hats and a book
i would like a book , a hat , and the ball .
i need the book .
how about the book and 1 hat ?
deal .
no , i would like the ball and you can have all the rest .
ill take the ball both books and two hats ?
okay that will work you get the ball i get the rest .
2 hats and 1 ball for me - the rest for you
deal
i'll do one of each for us both , but i need at least 1 hat .
one hat and two ball for you ?
i would like the hats and the balls .
deal .
kool , good deal
you take the books , i take the hat and the ball
two hats and one book for you
give me all hats
ok
i'd like the ball and you can have everything else .
pleasure .
i'd like the ball , and one book , the rest to you
deal
deal !
one ball to me , all else to you
maybe . do you really need the hat ?
i guess i can settle for just the books .
books to you , balls and hat to me . . . what do you think ?
need is a fickle term . . . truly want though
no
you can have the ball only
i want the hat and the books .
absolutely not . no way no how . jeez , wouldn't it be rotten if we wasted this whole entire time waiting to just get rejected for having different deals ?
you can have the ball and i will take the hat and books
i'll get you back next time .
hi , i would like the hat and ball and you can have the books .
ok . . . well can you make a counter offer ?
no deal .
i cant accept that deal . you can have the books and the ball and ill take the hat
ok no deal
no deal
i need the ball and 2 hats
the ball is non negotiable
i also have to have the ball , there is no other possibility
okay
okay
i can't give up the ball . i can give you two hats and one book if that would work for you .
i also need the ball or i can not make a deal . i don't think we are going to be able to make a deal .
okay no deal .
no deal .
are you able to hit the button ?
ill take the hat and balls and you can get the books
how about 1 ball and the books ?
i want two balls and the books
okay
if i can have the 3 hats you can have the rest .
okay
okay sounds good
1 book
i would like the hats and the ball and at least one book .
how many books will you give me ?
i will give you a hat and a basketball .
sounds like a good deal for me . thanks .
both balls to me , the rest to you
you can have the hats and i'll take the rest . deal !
hello , i would like the hats , and can give you the book and ball in exchange
deal
if i can have the ball and the book you can have the hats
perfect !
gimme the ball
i'll take the hats you get the rest
deal
books are the only things that really hold value to me . . . are the hat and ball worth it for you ?
how about i take 3 books you take the rest ?
seems we both do . alright , 2 books each , one of us gets a ball , one gets a hat .
what do you need the most ?
not really . how about we split the books in half ?
that wont work . mathematically i need at least two books
sounds good ! i'll take the ball
i can not agree to that . it looks like we need the same things so we should split the difference if i can have the hat and two books you can have the ball and one book
i can't make that deal . if you take the hat i would need everything else
no deal . it wouldn't give me any points
i'll take the ball and one book
whats your deal
deal
i need the ball or we cant make a deal
i want one ball and one hat
hi . ill take the hats and book and you can have the balls
okay
no i can't
you take all hats
deal
hi i would like the balls and hats and you can have the book
counter offer ?
ok , deal
if i can have the balls and 1 hat or 1 book that would be fantastic
and people in hell want ice water , best come up with some sort of offer .
you can have the book ad the ball , i'll take all the hats .
i would like the book , the ball , and one hat .
i agree .
can i have the balls and a book ?
and two books and a hat ?
all the books and a ball .
a ball and a hat ?
then there ain't no deal
one ball
who said anything about hats
can't
forget about hats
no deal
how about i take the hat and one book , the rest to you
what if i take the three balls and the two books and leave you the hat .
ok i can do that i get the three balls and a book .
nope , gimme hats you take rest
i need hat , twas a gift
hat worth alot to us both
no deal button , i summon thee
boom , villanova for the win
hat , so precious to me
i would a book and a hat you can have all the balls .
haha well my hat was stolen so i at least need a hat .
apparently
i think we have to chat a few more rounds for it to magically appear .
so you still don't want to give up the hat ?
me as well so guess its a no deal !
i need the book , a hat and the ball
i need the book and 2 hats
i need 2 hat 1 book , what do u want
i don't have hat but holds 4 book and 6 ball
give me hat and balls
give me hat and 2 books
i want the balls and 2 books
yeah ok
i would like one ball to go with the books
okay then i will take both books then . you can have the rest .
you take the books , i take the hat and the balls
i can't do that
i would like the hat and a book
if i can have the books and the hat you can have the ball
okay that is acceptable . thank you !
i need the book
deal
you can have the book if i can have everything else
thank you .
that would work for me
nope
i would like all 3 balls
would you be willing to throw in the hat also ?
ok you keep the hat , and book , i had to try !
hi there . i need a hat !
you can have everything else for yourself , i just need the hat .
wonderful , we have a deal then ?
sorry the hat i just can not part with .
i guess i'll settle .
i'll take the ball , 1 book , and 1 hat please .
if you take the ball , then i need everything else .
that doesn't work for me . if you take the ball , i need the rest .
alright you take the ball and 1 hat . i will take the rest .
i need the ball and one hat
that doesn't work for me , i'll need a hat in addition
then we're at no deal
deal
i would like the hat and 1 book
deal
id like the hat and ball and you the books
i need the hat but can part with the ball and all the books if i must
cool
i really want a hat
i'd like the hats , you can everything else
i would like a hat and a ball then
the ball and 2 hats .
is there any way i can get 2 hats ?
deal .
what would you like
ball and one hat for you ?
one hat
works for me .
i will give you both book and a hat
i'd like all of the hat's you can have the rest
ok , that works
i need book , you take rest
looks like a no deal
waiting for button
so , how bout that weather
keep the sun outta my eyes
i would like the book and hat and one ball if i could also
the book is non negotiable i have to have the book
no deal if you will not budge on the book , : (
same here
snow storm ! maybe sunny where you are and you need the hat ? ? : )
i would like the book and two hats please
okay deal .
you can have the ball or book , pick one .
i can give you the book and one hat
never
how about you take three balls
nope , i need the book and one ball
no deal
yes
i would like one of everything .
i can offer you all the balls
i need the book and you can have the rest
i need the book or i can't make a deal
you can't part with the book ?
i also want the book along with 2 balls
i would compromise with book , 1 ball and 1 hat
okay
deal
i would like the book .
i'll give you the hats and one ball
okay , how about this . i'll give you everything else as long as i get the book .
so i get the book and you get everything else . deal ?
i get hat and balls you get books
deal .
i would like to keep the balls and one book
sounds good
gimme the hat and books
books and balls to me
ok
you can have the books . but i need the hat .
you can have the books and 1 ball ?
i need both hats to make the deal .
okay deal
i need the hats and the ball
how about you take 1 hat and the books i take 1 hat and the ball
great
i'd like the two books for sure and maybe one of whatever is worth less to you between balls and hat .
sounds fair
what would you like
i will take the hats and you can have the rest
deal
hey i want a hat and two books
i can give you everything but the hat , final offer
no deal then
i want the book . you ca have the rest .
deal .
can't do that . what if i take the hat and one ball ?
what if i take the hat and you take the rest ?
i need the hat too .
same here .
yeah .
i only would like the hat
you can have both balls and all books if i can have hat . i must have hat for a deal
no the hat is a must for me , i only want the hat i need shade i burn easy in the sun
we are not going to be able to make a deal if i do not get the hat
that is sad for us . we wait for button to apear now after so many messages back and forth
i want the ball and three books
agreed if you take the hat and one book
hi i would like 1 hat and 1 ball
no . i need at least the hat and 1 book then .
deal
hi , can i have the hat and 2 books ?
no , i`ll take the hat and 2 books ,
no deal
no deal
no deal
you can have all h books only
no deal
no deal
no deal
no deal
i can't do that . i need the ball and one hat .
i would like 2 books , 1 hat , and 1 ball please
i can deal with that
hello , may i have the book and 2 balls ?
yes , that sounds good to me thank you
you can have the book and one ball if that will work for you
okay great ! thank you !
i would liek one ball
they are all worth 2 points for me . i need 3 things in total .
great . thank you
i need the balls , the rest to you
okay , one ball to you , i'll take two balls and the book
okay , you can have one of each
i will need both books or one book and other things .
how about i get both books and one ball or one hat ?
ok , i agree then .
i can offer you one book
i can offer you both books if i get everything else
no i can only offer you both books or we cant make a deal
that' a bad deal . what about i take 1 book and 2 balls ?
chill . you're out of control . 2 balls and 1 hat for me .
i'll take the all the balls , the hat , and the book .
yes .
fine . i get a hat and two balls .
if i take the book and the hat would you be happy with the 4 balls ?
how about you get 1 book and 1 ball , i get the hat and 3 balls
im really going to need three balls if you take that hat
so you want everything ?
no , we can go back to your deal then .
deal
i would like the hats and ball . you can have all of the books
you can have the ball then . i get the rest
deal
i cannot give you the ball
you can have two hats and the books
i am going to need at least one book . i can offer you a book and a hat .
i am not going to give up both books .
i can offer you a book and the ball then .
they have no points for me either .
so either we split on the books , or i feel we are dead locked .
ok , i will take one book as well . do you want any of the hats or ball in the split ?
i want the two books . you can have the rest .
i need both books .
the hats have no points for me .
the ball has no points for me neither .
that is not good .
ok , i will take one book .
you can have the balls , but i would need 1 hat and the book
deal
if i can have the balls and the hats you can have the book
okay so you get one hat and the book and i get the rest ?
deal .
i would like the books .
deal , i think
i cant accept that . ill take 2 balls and 1 book
deal
i'll give you one ball and one book .
ok , that will work
can i have the hats and a book please ?
i need at least one book
deal
both books for me , rest to you
book and hats to you , book and two balls to mw
i need the hats , you can have both balls
that depends on whether or not i get the hats
thanks - - do you want to split the books ?
no i need at least 1 book and 2 hats
ok deal thanks
i would like at least two basketballs or two hats .
what about the books ?
you can have the hats .
i would prefer both books if that is okay .
then splitting the books is fine .
i'd take both balls and one book .
i would like the hat and books
ok , i can handle that
can i get one ball and a book ?
you can have everything except the ball
same here
nope
now what ? lol
i need the ball and both hats
without the ball there is no deal to be made
no deal then
no deal
keep typing eventually the no deal button will light up
ok deal
i'll take the hats , you keep the rest .
no way
no , i want the ball
i get ball you get the rest , deal
ball and hats for me
balls and hats for me
everything else to me then
ok deal
i need both as well . can we split the difference ? we can each get a ball , i will get the hat and we each get two books
okay thank you !
i would like the balls and the hat .
yes , that is what i was about to propose as well , i agree to that .
id like the hat and a book
how about hat and one ball for me
k
can i have the balls and books and you just keep the hat ?
i go with your original offer . a hat and a book for you .
if i could have the book and one of the hats that would be swell
welp that book is worth some big ol points to me if i give up the book then i need literally everything else to compinsate for it .
deal
hello ! what item do you want the most ?
i would ideally like one of each item . i am willing to negotiate with the balls or hats , but not the book .
i am willing to give you both hats and both balls in exchange for the book .
okay that sounds fair
i need one of each item please
thanks
you can keep all the balls .
ok
i need the hat too
i'll take the ball , you can have everything else
i cant use the books
yes
how about you get teh books and i keep everything else ?
okay , you just want one ball ?
deal
i would like the hat and the ball and you can have the rest .
ok deal .
i just want the hat
i really need the ball , but can give you the hat and how about 3 books
you can have the books if i can have the hat and ball
deal
i would like the books please ?
its a deal .
if i can have everything else , then it's a deal .
what items are you looking at getting .
i will take two hats and one ball
the book and one ball
deal
works for me .
what if i take all of the hats and the book ?
okay deal
i can give you everything if you give me one book
thank you
okay deal .
lets do it
how about you take the book and hat and i take the balls ?
okay and thank you .
ok
i'll take the hats , you can have everything else
deal .
i'd like the ball and 2 books .
it's been a pleasure . deal .
i need the books and ball
take all the books i want the rest
deal
i need the ball and you could have the rest ?
its a deal
ok
you can have balls and 1 book
ok sounds good .
i would like the balls and another item .
i agree to that .
that sounds okay to me . i agree .
if i can have the hat and the balls you can have the books
okay great ! thank you !
i'll take the hat . you can have the rest .
sounds good to me !
you can have both hats if i get the book and the balls .
i need both hats
deal
sorry , i need the ball and both books
only way this can work is if i get both books and 2 hats . deal ?
thanks !
hi i would like the ball and hats and you can have the books
sorry the best i can offer you is the books and 1 hat
deal
i need the ball and 2 hats
ok
i would like the book and basketball
so i'l take the book and 1 hat
how about you get the hats and i get the rest ?
so you just want the ball or did you want something else ?
sorry , if you get the ball i need a little more to make up for it . how about you get the ball and 1 hat ?
what would you like
my brother's birthday is coming up and i really need the basketball . i will split the rest
i will take the ball and 2 other items of your choice
i'll take that deal
i will take 2 hats and 1 ball
you can have the balls and the books . and i will take the hats
could you get by with just the hats ?
deal
sure
all books to me , u have else
i'd like hats .
i'll take the book and balls
i want the hat and ball
ill give you the hat and 1 book
hi , i would like the hat and balls and you can have the books .
ok , i can do that .
hello .
i would prefer to have the hat , and you can have the balls and books .
thanks .
can't do it .
1 of each ?
ok
i would like the 2 balls and the 2 hats .
what can you do ?
i can give you one hat and the two books ?
sounds good , 1 hat and 2 books , i keep both balls ?
ok
i'd like the book and a hat , you keep the rest ?
i do agree on this , but is there any chance the balls are 5 / 5 for you ?
ok deal
i need 1 book and 2 hats
i would like all the hats
cool beans
deal
hello , can i have the books and balls ? you can have the hats .
i will need at least the 2 books . would you like everything else ?
alright , deal . thank you .
can you give me one of the books , in that case ?
i don't need the balls , i'll just take the hats then .
i want the ball and a hat .
how do you feel about the book ?
i guess that's okay . i'll take book and all hats then .
i need the ball
eh , if i get the ball you can have the book and all the hats
no i'm sorry can't do that . i can give you one hat and one ball .
1 hat and 1 ball .
1 hat , 1 ball , no book , extra butter
2 hats no balls no books .
fine , 1 ball 1 book
no hat
so , i'd like 2 hats and 2 balls .
2 hats and one ball ?
1 hat , 1 ball , 2 books and a stick of butter
1 hat , 1 ball , 1 book .
nope . either 2 hats and 1 ball or 1 of each .
and 1 hat
no deal .
if i get the balls you can have the rest
i need both of the ball
yes
can you take just one ball and we can split books ?
okay , but only because you need them . and i get the rest ?
done .
i need three items , any three
i can do all the books ok
hi , i want the ball and the hat , you can have the rest
i would like 1 hat , 1 ball , and 1 book please
ok
deal
i need the book you can have the rest only way
may i have 2 hats and 1 ball ?
split the hats , i can have 1 ball 1 book ?
sorry cant give you the book
sorry i cant let it go
no deal
no deal
no deal
i'd like book .
i can't not have the book . it's worth 8 points for me .
then no deal . we just need to type back and forth until the no deal button lights up .
blah blah blah books .
stupid books .
i get ball and 1 book you get the rest
the ball has the least value
deal
would you be willing to take just the ball ?
ok . let's go with that . i'll take two books and the hat . you take one book and the ball . deal ?
any chance you'll give me the hat and ball , you can keep all 4 books ?
books are nothing to me . . . so you can take all 4 - - i wish you'd reconsider the ball , but let me know and i'll accept either one .
you're the best . good luck on the next rounds !
i'd like ball and 3 books
i have to have the ball , i'd take ball and 1 book
i'll take just the books then
i need the hat and balls
deal
ill take 2 balls and 2 hats
fine deal
how about 2 balls and 1 hat
i also would like the book
can i get 1 book and 1 ball , you can have 1 hat and 2 balls ?
thanks ! deal !
u would like the hat and the book please
okay , i will take the hat and ball and you could keep the book ?
sure
deal !
hello
i will give you the books and balls , but i need the hat , it makes me look sexy .
hi , i want the books and the hat .
deal .
how about 1 of each for me and you can have 2 books ?
ok , in that case you can have the hat and i get everything else ?
hats are all that have value for me
can i have the hat and the ball if you can have all the books ?
ok , i agree to your first offer then .
i want the hat and 2 books
i absolutely need the hat
give me the books and hats
deall
2 books 1 ball for me and you keep the rest
1 book and all hats for you
if i can have the ball and the hats you can have the books
i can not give up the ball . if i can have the ball and the hats you can have all of the books
you can have the ball if i can have everything else
you can have one book and the ball . final deal .
okay no deal .
i need the ball and 2 books
hats have no valuse , need the ball as well
i would also need at least 1 book
i'll have to pass
click on no deal then
2 balls
i can give you one ball
okay you can have both balls and ill take the rest
i would love the book and 2 hats .
deal
i want the hat and balls
ok deal
can i have one ball ?
thanks !
you can have the balls but no hat
deal !
i would like the balls and the hat .
deal .
i need 2 books and 2 hats or 1 ball , 1 book and 1 hat or 1 ball and 3 hats .
deal .
balls to you , i take rest
deal .
how about 1 hat 1 book
okay
i would love the book and the ball
sure
you can have book and i keep the rest
no balls , one hat for you
fine
i need the book and one ball and you can have the rest
that won't work for me . one book and one ball .
thank you .
like . . . everything ? lol - - i'll take the ball and 1 book . how about that ?
the ball is my only high value item , and hat is worth nothing . i'd like the ball and 1 book .
ok
i'd be happy with the ball , 1 hat and all the books . , ,
you can have 4 books and the hat if you want . but i think it only fair that you leave me that ball . . .
i'll give you the ball , but i'm taking everything else .
i just want two books
deal
thx
i can not make that deal . i need the same items . if i take one book and two hats you can have the rest
great ! deal
but there is only the one hat . how about i get the hat and two balls . you can have the books and one ball .
hi . ill take the books and balls . you can have the hats
ok .
can i have the hat and books ?
not really
okay deal
before i say yes , any chance you can leave the hat and just take the books ? : )
worth a shot . i'll take the balls .
hi i would like the balls and hats and you can have the book
sorry , that wont work for me . would you accept the book and 1 hat ?
okay
i'd like the hat and the ball .
do we have a deal ?
ok
good evening , i'd like the hat and books , you keep the balls ?
you can have the books
i can give you 2 books and 1 ball best i can do .
deal
i'll also require one of another item . which would you rather give up ?
deal .
hi , i would like the hat and book and you can have the balls
deal .
i can give you the books but i need the hat and the balls .
i would like the books and the hat .
deal .
i'll take two books and the ball .
oooo . no can do . i can give you both hats .
can't give up the ball . i can give up the hats and a book .
i didn't see anything , but i how about that , so i'll ask for one book , the rest to you
deal
ok how about that ?
nah i ll take the book and the rest is yours
i need both books and a ball
ill take 2 books and a ball then
i'd go for a hat and 1 of whichever is lesser value for you
i would like the hat and balls . are you interested in the books ?
how about i take the hat and a ball . you take the books and a ball ?
sounds good . deal !
what would you like ?
i can take the books , but i also need something else
ok i can take books and one ball
how about you take all books and i take the rest
i ll take the book and two balls and you take the rest
no deal , i need the book
no deal
thats correct
i will take the book and hat you take the balls
no can do i will take the book and the balls you take the hat
no can do i need the book and 2 balls or the the book and hat
i can't give up the book . i will take the book and 1 other item you choose
it's looking like we may not be able to make a deal .
if i can have the hat and the ball you can have the books
i can not give up the hat . . . would you be willing to accept the ball and one book ?
me as well . i can not give up the hat . so if you are not willing to give it up we can not make a deal
okay i'm sorry . no deal .
no deal .
how about you take one book and the ball instead ?
gimme the books
ok
i would also like the book
ok , lets do it
i just want the book .
the book is the only thing i'm interested in .
i can give both books but really need the rest
i really need the hats and the ball . . . imagine what youll learn with two books !
ok , ill take one hat and the ball
i need both books , and 1 hat .
alternatively i can take both hats and 1 book .
i like reading , but i also like hats .
deal
sorry that`s not good on my side , i need all balls and the hats
we have different points . so i`m not trying to be unreasonable , as you said i get 5 points
on my side that is fair . i don`t know what points you have . don`t want to me rude or anything , we just have different points
then no deal and we can move on
no deal , sorry
hello , if i could get the hats and one ball , i will give you the book and 3 balls .
this seems as if you are trying to be unreasonable . how about i give you the book , a hat and a ball , and i get the hat and 3 balls .
okay well you are giving me one book and taking all hats and all balls .
that will be - 0 points for me , 10 points for you .
i take book and a hat , - and one ball and you take the rest
okay well im very glad we are wasting the time for our real reward , please offer something where i get more then just the book because the book is 0 for me
hello , i need 2 books and 2 balls , you can have the hat and 2 balls
hello
that sounds good to me .
if i can have the hat and two books you can have the rest
that won't work for me . i need both books and the hat
will that work for you ?
correct .
how about the hat and 1 book
okay
yes , i get the ball and 2 books , correct ?
deal
i want the book and hat .
i would like the book and one hat
thanks
deal
amusing . . . all hats for me , ball and book for you
subtract any one of those and we're done
deal
i'll take all the items .
i'll take the ball , the book and 1 hat .
ok , i'll take the ball and 1 hat .
i want the book and ball
deal
i need the book . you can have everything else .
i need 1 book , you can have 1 book and 2 hats
sounds good you get 1 book and 2 hats
i would like both books , you may have the rest .
deal .
sounds good . i will take one book and 3 hats then
ok , sounds good
how about the book and the hat for me ?
deal
no way , i need the hat and 2 balls
i need everything else if you get the hat
i need the balls and 1 book
if you take the hat i need 3 balls and 1 book
i would really like the hat , both books and a ball .
can't part with the hat . i'll give you 2 balls though .
give me the hat and 2 books then .
you can have 1 book and 2 balls .
fine . deal .
i'd like a ball to hold my hat on
okay , you can have one ball .
agreed upon
i'll take the hats , you can have all the rest
would you be willing to give 1 hat also ?
no no i need the ball
yes , so i get the ball and 1 hat and you get 3 hats 1 book
i will givebook and ball for hats
a hat for the ball ?
ok , then 1 hat for 1 book
i would like 3 books
how about 2 books and a basketball
how about i get the book and you keep the rest ?
there are not 3 books
there is only 1 book , and i will give you the rest but keep the book if that works for you ?
ok
deal
i would like 2 hats
ty
i would like the book and a hat .
i will agree to that .
i want both hats and the balls if you're taking the book
i would like the hat and all the books .
fair enough .
i'd be content with only the hat
you can take the hat also . i'll just take the two books
all balls to me , you have rest
ok deal
ball and 2 books please
done 2 books for you and all hats and i will take the ball and one bok
ok but only one book then
ok deal
i would like the book and the hats .
i need at least one hat .
deal .
i need the hats
we can split the hats if i get both balls
hi , i would like the ball and book and you can have the hats
ok , i can do that .
i'd like two hats and the book , you can have one hat and the ball .
ok , deal
hi , can i have 3 books ?
sorry , can`t do that
deal
would you be willing to take two books and leave me with one ?
alright . i need the hat and all the balls , you can have the three books . deal ?
i can't give you all the books and the hats , that's just not fair . i will give you all of the books
no , i need the ball and both hats .
nope , like you said , life is not fair .
okay , then i guess there will be no deal
no deal
i want the book and hats you can have the ball
both books and one hat , life is not fair
going to have to give up a hat
well no deal then
no deal
i'd like 2 books and a hat
ok deal
i just need the hat , you can have the rest
i'll take a book and a hat
yup
ok
ok , so 2 hats and 2 balls for me ?
sounds like a deal !
i can offer both books
yes
i would like both books and the ball
ok , and and you would like both hats and the ball ?
agree
ill give you all my balls
cant have the book , you get all my balls
you get all the balls for one hat
ok this mightbe a no deal then , because the book is worth a lot to me too
no deal
but i just want the book
going to be straightforward here
the book is worth 10
looks like all or nothing
but maybe you give me the book ? my book eating horse is starving
i need both books and you can have the rest
sounds good
okay that works ! thank you !
hiya , i need the balls and the hat
if i get both balls you can have the hat and both books - books are worthless to me
gimme the hat one ball and one book
ok
i want the hats . you can have the rest .
deal .
i cant do that the book has no value to me what i would do is give you the book and a hat and i take 2 hats and 2 balls .
ok sounds good
i can give you the hats but i would like the books and the ball .
huh ? you can have the 2 hats and the ball .
that is fine . you can have the 2 hats and the ball .
the ball and the hats are what im in need of
the book are yours but the least i need is the ball and one book
sorry , i misspoke , , , everything is blending together ! i agree to me getting two hats and the bal
i can give you the hats for the book but i would like the balls too .
just the hats
i can split the balls with you
correct
hi i would like the balls and hats and you can have the book
so i can get the hats and book ?
nope , that wont work for me
so youre saying we each get a ball then i get the hats and you get the book ?
deal
that deal works for me
i need two books you can have the rest
great , thanks
i need the balls and the book
ys
hi i would like the hats and book and you can have the balls
if i give you the book , could i have 2 balls ?
deal
gimme books and a ball
need books
i can do hat 1 ball
ok i take rest
i would like the balls and a book
i would really like that book along with the balls .
no i would rather just go with the two balls and you get everything else . do we have a deal ?
i want one book and two hats
give me one ball to go with the hats
ok deal
how about 1 hat goes to my head and the rest also
i just need three hats for my bald head .
alright 2 hats and 2 books for you , 2 balls and 1 book for me .
hi , i just need 2 hats and 2 books
books are what i need can you handle the hat and two balls ?
yes !
i need the ball and books and you can have the hats
sounds good
thanks
you can get ball & 1 book
okay
just take all the books i take the rest
ok
i'll take 3 books and a ball
ok
i would like 2 books
i would rather not i like the books
what do you need ?
i would like the hats - is there anyway you can give up 1 of the books for both balls ?
okay well then i will take the hats .
i would like the book and the hat .
ok
deal
i'll take books and balls if you want hats
i'd like the hat and the two balls , you keep the books ?
hat and 1 ball for me ? you get 3 books and 1 ball ?
hat is the only thing of value to me , actually . how about you take all , i take the hat ?
that would put my operations in danger .
the hat is of greatest value to me
ok
i would need the hat too
sounds good
you tak all balls and thats it
fine , three balls and one hat ?
i need book to lurnz to readz
hats are - 3 points each to me , never seen that before
looks like a no deal
agreed
show me the button , reveal yourself 'no deal'
i want the ball and the book you can have the hats
learn later i need the book and the ball , hats have to be worth something to you
me neither but that is beside the point , what it going to be ? i need the ball and the book and i'm not budging on that
no deal
okay
the ball and one book
ok two books and one hat
ten four good deal
i can not do the ball .
you can have both hats and both books . if i can have the ball .
gimme ball and book
yes
i will take all three hats , and you get ball and book
agreed
ill take the book and the balls please
okay actually i dont want the balls you can have it ill take only the book deal ?
okay book for me the rest for you
deal .
yes , that's fine too .
ok .
give me the ball and ill give you my books
fine
no deal i will take the basketball you can have the rest
deal . . . thank you
i'd like the book , and at least 2 hats .
which items do you need ?
i will take 2 hats and the ball
i want everything .
i want the book . you can have one ball and two hats .
i don't want any hat . they have no point for me .
give me the book and one ball .
give me the ball and you get everything else .
how about no . i`ll give you one hat and one ball
no thanks , i don`t have any points like this . i can give you the 2 hats and one ball . this is split fair
then give me 2 hats and one book . this is split fair by my side
thats like 2 points for me . no deal
i'll take the and both balls and one book
i'll take the hat and both balls
deal
howdy ! how does two books sound ?
that does not work for me . how about you get two books and two balls ?
how about all the books and the balls . final offer .
could i get at least the hat and 1 ball ? you can have the rest
i do . in order to make it somewhat worthwile for me
deal , thanks
hello i would like both books and both balls
that seems fair . do you absolutely need both items though ?
okay let's do it then .
books ok and one hat is fine , deal
i would like both books and 1 hat
i get the ball you get the rest
deal
i can give the hat and a book - that works for me
yes
i want the hat and 1 book . i can offer you the rest .
ok to recap , 1 book to me , and the hat . rest to you , correct ?
what if i take 1 book , 1 hat and 1 ball
sorry but i also need the hat
what if i take the hat and 2 books . you get all the balls
i need the hat . if i can have the hat and two balls you can have two books and one ball
then can i take all of the balls and one book and you can have the hat and one book
okay that works ! thank you !
book and balls to me , you can have 9 hats
i'm looking for two hats and a book
not into sports , you can have the basketballs
i need hat
hat worth too much . are we at no deal ?
ok , we talk until button
hmmmmm . no , hat is needed , has my name on it
no
i would like the hat and the book .
i need the hat as well , what can you offer instead ?
i think so .
how about if i take the hat and you take the rest ?
okay i guess we can't make a deal then .
you can have everything except the hat
yep me too
okay , no deal
no deal
no deal
i need one of each
i need the hat to make the math work
then no deal : (
no deal
no deal
if i can have the books and hat youcan have them balls to motor boat or do whatever you want with
alright
i need the hat and two balls
okay thank you !
i need the ball . it's 8 for me .
so no deal till button .
anything else would only get me 2 points ? why would i make a deal like that ?
thank you but i would like the hats and ball
looks like we wont be able to make a deal
i understand . no deal
no deal
no deal
no deal
if i can have the ball and the books you can have the hats
i can not give up the ball . i need the ball and at least two books or i can not make a deal
okay i'm sorry . no deal .
no deal .
no deal
wait . i would be willing to accept the ball if you would take everything else
hello , you can one ball
one book and one vball for you
no deal
deal
hello
i want to keep the hats and the ball ?
i want the hats too . a ball and hats . you can have all the books .
okay . how about i get a hat and a ball ?
i'd like the two hats , rest is negotiable .
well , i said negotiable ; were you looking to keep everything else or share ? : )
would you be willing to share either the book or 1 ball ?
alright then . . i suppose i'll take the hats .
that seems pretty fair .
keep
no , sorry .
nah , im really gonna need the hat
may i have 1 hat and 1 book ?
ok . i'll take three balls and a book .
i need 1 book and 2 hats
thanks
i think i can live with that
n / p
i also need the hat
i take everything and leave you the hat then
i need the hat , the rest to you
i can't compromise on this , sorry
deal
hi , i need the hat and 3 balls
ok deal
i'd like the book and the balls , you can have all the hats .
deal .
i want one of each .
somewhat , but if you want the ball , you can have that . and i'll take only the hat .
ok .
is the ball of high value for you ?
that's my dilemma , how about i take hat , you take the ball and 3 books ?
i would like a book , a hat , and a ball .
i can't agree to that .
ill keep the ball you can have eveything else
deal
i need the book and the hat
then i need the hat and 3 ballls
not possible
you can have the hat but that book is my favorite so i need to keep it .
how about the hat and two balls ?
okay . i'll take the book and one ball , you can have the rest .
what would you like today ?
you can have the balls but it will be hard to use in a baseball game . i would like the books to read while wearing my hat out in the sun
i need the hat but might can sacrifice a book
i will giv you 2 balls and a hat
i ned 2 books and 2 balls
2 books and a hat it is
4 balls for me
i need 2 books and 2 balls
i need 2 books and the hat
no deal .
2 books and a hat for me ?
deal
hello , you can have the balls if i can have the books and the hat
cool beans
deal .
deal
give me hat and 2 balls
that won't work , what is another offer
i can't do that , no deal then
no deal
no deal
no deal
i need the book . you can have the rest .
that's all i can offer . book is 9 .
okay . no deal till the button then .
no deal .
no deal .
that doesn't work for me . how about you get the books and one ball ?
that would only leave me with one hat . not fair . how about you get two balls , and one book ?
how about the books and the hat ?
perfect ! deal !
i need the books and the hat and you can have the balls
i would need the books and all the balls
i have to either have the hat and the balls , or the books and the hat , or the books and the balls
that would work , you get the balls
i would like both books and a ball
deal
you can have both hats , and 1 ball ?
ok
i'd like hats and 1 book .
balls are worthless . i'll just take the 2 hats and you can have the rest .
i have to have both balls , you can have the rest
i have to have both balls
okay
i would like both basketballs and 1 hat you can have the books and 1 hat
i would like at least 1 ball and both hats you can have 1 hat and books
i can't agree to both balls . i will take 1 ball and 1 hat you can have the rest
no deal . i need the hat and 3 books
hi , i just need the balls and the hat
hat and 2 books for you
i would like both hats and two balls
how about i take the hats and one ball
how about i get one hat and the book and two balls
ok
i would like the book all the balls and one hat .
how about you take both hats and i take the book and all balls .
how about you get a hat and the book and i get a hat and 3 balls .
no way i could do you get both hats and a ball and i get two balls and the book .
ok so you get the hats and a ball i get the book and 2 balls
i want the two hats . you can take everything elsr
i can not do without the hats
i need two hats . . i'm bald and a siamese twin .
how about we split the balls and i get either the hat or book . you can choose .
you too !
i would llike the book and the hat . you can have all of the balls .
okay sounds good . i will take the book . you can have the hat . we will split the balls . have a great night !
i want hat & 2 books
you can have hat if i have 4 books and ball
okay
if i can have the ball and the hat you can have all four books .
i'll give you the hat but then i need the ball and two books .
ok would you like all balls and thats it
how about you get all balls and i keep the rest
lets work towards no deal then
sorry
no
i would like the hat and two balls please
i need the hat i can not give it up
okay no deal . sorry .
no deal .
no deal .
no , i need 2 hats at least
ok
i'll take the hats and ball if you want the books
the you take the hats and i'll take everything else
i can not accept that deal if i can have the hats and one ball you can have one ball and the book
i need the balls as well . i was trying to split the difference . can you offer anything else
that will not work for me . i need at least the hats and one ball . . . or both balls and the book . those are the only deals i can accept right now
okay that works for me . thank you !
that's correct
i would like both balls and the book and you can have both hats
i will let you have the hats if i can have both balls
ok , how about i get one of each - one book , one hat and one ball ?
ok , what about you get both hats and one ball ?
ok , that leaves me one book and one ball
deal
i need the ball . if i can have the ball and the hats you can have the books
okay thank you !
i would like the books and the ball .
deal .
i can offer both balls
i can't give the book , i can offer the hats and 1 ball
gimme the hat and a ball
i need hat , or no deal
ok
nope . i need the book and the hat .
okay if you get the hat - then i take everything else .
what about one hat and the ball ?
okay that is fine .
i would like 2 hats and the ball
one book , one hat , and the ball
thanks
hello , i would like the 3 hats , and you can have the basketballs and book
i'm willing to give you 1 hat , 1 book , and the basketballs while i take 2 hats but that's the best offer i can give
i need all the hats or 2 hats and 1 book .
deal .
i can not part with the ball but can split the hats or book .
you an have the books if i can have the others .
i can part with the hats but would like the book and ball
i must have the book . . . i can cede all others
deal
i would like the ball and the hats .
can i take the ball if i give you the rest ?
i need the ball and the books you can have the hats
sure .
can i have the book and a hat ?
sure !
i would like the hats and 1 book
you can have everything else if i can have both hats
i'd like the two balls and the two hats .
ok . sounds like a deal .
i would like the one book and one hat
would you like to split the hats and give me one please ? it is hot here i need the shade
i like 2 hat and 1 ball
okay deal
i only have 1 hat and need it but you can have all the balls and 1 book
deal .
i just want the book
you can have the balls if i can have the hat and book .
ok . i'll take the book and hat . you can have all the balls .
ok . i'll take the book and balls . you can have the hat .
i can't do that . that's a horrible deal for me . the balls are worth nothing .
what if you take the hat , i take the book and we split the balls .
that way at least we have a deal .
i need the hat and the balls , you can have the book
i can't give up the hat
i can't give you the hat , i need either the hat and the book or the hat and the balls
you are confused . i need either the hat and the book , or , the hat and the balls
they are worth nothing for me also , so no deal then
sounds good
hats are 0 for me . i'd like the 2 balls . you can have the rest .
deal .
i'd like the balls and the book and i am willing to give you the hats in return
the balls are 3 for me , guessing they're high for you too . how about we split the balls , i take the hats and you take the book
i need the hats and 1 book .
i'll take books and balls if you want hats
deal !
if i can have one of each you can have the other two balls
i need the book as well . are you willing to make a deal without it ?
okay then if you can not make another deal you can have the book and i will take everything else .
i just need the book you can have the rest
i am not willing to move off the book , the others mean nothing to me
you can have the others i will just take the book
you can have the balls but i need a couple of hats
agreed thanks
can i have the hat and balls ?
okay ill take 2 balls and 1 hat
i would like the hat and the ball .
deal .
you can have hat and 2 books
ok , if i can get the book and the hats .
gimme the balls
ok
what would you like today ?
yeah but my cousin in texas has a birthday party tomorrow and i really need the ball and hat . would you like the books ?
he's pretty dumb . his only future is in sports . he's got a good tan though so could probably sacrifice the hat
deal
if i can have the books and the hat you can have the balls
thank you !
i need the book and the balls
i can do that , deal
i would like the hats and 1 ball
deal . agreed .
i need the ball and book
yes
hello , may i have the ball , 1 book , and 1 hat ?
then can i have 2 hats and 1 book and you can have the ball and 1 book ?
okay , it is a deal
how about i get the balls and the book
i would like the book and the hats , you may have the balls .
deal .
i'll take the 3 hats , you take the rest ? right down the middle ?
that sounds good to me
i ned the book , you can have everything else
i'd like the book and 2 hats .
ok
i have 2 spare hats .
that sounds good .
i'd like the book and two hats . would you like the ball ?
ok , great .
deal .
you can have the balls if i can have the rest
okay deal
cant do that . id like the hats , book and 2 balls
if you get the book i would need everything else
deal
i would like the book and the balls .
i really need the book .
can i have the book and one ball at least ?
i need at least 1 ball . you can keep the hats .
if i can have the hats and the balls you can have the book
you can have the book and one ball
i'll take the hats , you can have the rest .
sure .
would you give me one hat for both balls ?
deal .
i'd like the hat and the balls ; you can keep the books
all 10 ?
in that case ; since books are worth 0 to me . . . you might as well take them , t oo .
hat only thing worth points to me
no , everything else worth 1
ill give you everything except the hat
deal
that's exactly what i want , but that's not really a negotiation . but that's exactly what i want !
i want the hat and two books .
deal
you take the books , i take the hats and ball
if that is the only way to make a deal
okay
i would love to but is there any way that i can take the ball too ?
it is .
deal .
i'll take the books and a basketball . you can have the hats and a basketball .
i would like 2 books and 1 ball
thanks
deal
i'll take the hats and 1 book . you can have the balls
that doesn't work for me . i am willing to split the books but i can' ; t give them both up
deal
ill take the books and the balls you can have the hats .
cant give the books up i would give you the hats and a ball .
ok you get 1 book and the hats i get 1 book and the balls .
and i get the rest
i'd like the ball
deal
i need the ball and 1 hat please .
i really need the ball . you can have the book and the hats if i can have the ball .
i can't make a deal without the ball either . i guess we have no deal .
no deal .
that button should come up soon . no deal .
sorry i really need the ball and book . you can have the hat
sorry i cant make a deal without the ball .
ok , i understand
i agree
yeah just waiting on it
you can have the hats . can i have the balls and at least 1 book ?
ok
sure , you can have two balls and a book .
i want the book and balls : )
ok
hey , i want the balls and hat
i keep the hat and one ball ?
you can have the book , but i need the hat and the balls
i can't do that , if you take the book i have to have the rest
okay
i want the book and hat
how about i keep a ball
ok deal then , i take the book
i'll take the books and the balls . you can have the hat .
alright , you take the hat and 1 ball . i take 2 books and 1 ball .
i want one book or one ball
i will take all balls and hats you take the rest
ok
ok
you can have all the balls if i have both the hats .
deal ?
deal
gimme hat and balls
deal .
i'll take the balls and a book , you can have the rest
can i have a hat please i ll give you a book and a ball
okay i ll give you 1 ball and the hats
i would prefer to take all the hats and one other object of your choice .
deal .
i'd like the ball and 2 hats
that doesn't work , i need the ball .
sorry , no deal .
no deal , setting all numbers to 0 .
agree to 0 s
i will let you have all the hats if you let me have the ball and the book
i also need the ball , how about you can have the book and the hats and i get the ball
no deal in that case
agree to 0 s
i cant get the no deal button to work
i'll take the books ?
ok . i'll take 1 hat and the ball . you take two books and a hat ?
one of each for me
i want 2 books and 2 basketballs
no books no deal
i have to have 1 book , the hat and all the balls
no books available but you can get 2 hat and 1 basketball
omg you can get all of my hats and 1 ball
okay deal
i would like the hat , two books and 2 balls
okay , you could have one book . so , i could have one book , one hat and two balls ?
okay so you could have one book and one ball
so , i get one book , one ball and the hat is that a deal ?
gimme a book
ouch , no . gimme book and a ball
ok , thanks sir / ma'am
ok
i would like the hats and a ball please
what if i take 1 hat and 1 ball and you can have the rest
i need the books and the hats
ok thats good
nohat
two balls
yes
i want the book and hat
then i want the book and all the balls
so a book and two balls for me ?
i would love the hat and the ball .
how about the ball and 4 books ?
i guess that's fine since you don't want to negotiate .
i'd like the hat and 2 books , you can have the rest .
you can have the ball and two books .
i would like the hat and the balls .
i will need every other object if i let you have the hat .
i will offer you the hat and one book , that's the best i can do .
sorry , i need the hat , but you can have the balls .
no deal , i need the books too
i can work with that .
i'll give you 3 balls if i can take the rest .
to reiterate , i'm taking 1 book , 2 hats .
i would like the balls , i can offer you the hats .
agreed
works for me
i need the ball and book
same
can i have the ball and 2 books ?
okay 3 hats for you and 2 books and 1 ball for me
deal
yes
okay agreed .
i'd just like the basketball
i would like the hat and basketball you can have all the books
i really need the basketball .
i would like thebook and hat . i need balls
sorry , i meant to say i don't need the balls .
i feel like you're saying you need everything . you can have the book and the hat , i'll take the balls .
sounds good . i'll take balls , you take book and the hat ?
i would like the books and the hats .
how about i get the books and one hat instead ?
i accept .
you can have the hats and one book
no deal . you can have the hats and one book
okay thank you !
ok deal
hi , i would like the hat and 1 ball and you can have the rest
i would like one ball and one hat and you can have the rest .
deal .
ok , can i also have the 2 hats ?
i really need both hats for my collection .
i will need that other book then if i can only get 1 hat .
you can have one book
you can have one hat
you can have one hat and one book
okay that works
hi !
can i have the basketball ?
sure i'll take the other book . want to split the hats ?
ok let's do it !
hello
sure , mind if i take 2 books ?
that is great
the ball and book
ill take 1 ball and 1 book you can have the hat and 2 books
that mean i get hat and books deal
deal . you get hat and two books i get ball and 1 book
what has the least value for you ?
which do you want more we will have to dive up between the two has they have highest mount of combined objects ?
i'm willing to give up the two books for the ball .
no ill take the first deal and take the hat and 2 books .
i want the ball and the hats and one book
i take everything but the ball if i dont get the ball
what is worthwhile to you ?
so i get 2 books ? no deal . you can have all the hats and 1 book , but i get the ball
no , the ball isn't worth enough to me to have on its own
ill take the ball and 1 book
so do i , you take the hat i take the rest
i take both books and one ball
nope not getting the hat and both books
fine deal
i need the books and the hat
that doesn't work for me
i need at least one book
i said one book . . . . so i'd need one book and the hat
deal
i'd like 1 book 1 hat
ok
i'd like ball .
ok . . . . i'll take books and hat .
you can have the hats if i can have everything else
okay great ! thank you !
you take ball and one book
looks we headed to a no dela
ok
ok you take hat only
gimme the hat and a book
need hat or no deal
ok
yes
how about one book and one ball ?
two books and one hat ?
how about two boks and one ball ?
i'd like the books and 1 ball or the balls and 1 book .
no .
no . i don't deal for less than 6 points . the only other combo that works for me is both hats and both books or both hats and both balls .
deal .
hi , i would like the books and hat and you can have the balls
the only way i can let go of the hat is to get all the books and the balls
ok deal . thanks
sorry , i need the hat , but you can have the books .
okay . i can work with that . i'll take the 1 hat and you can get the rest of the 4 .
i want the hat and two books
i need the hat , , but you an have the ball
it was my grandpa's : ( only thing i have left from him
maybe , but i was his favourite
i let him move in and cared for him before he died
yeah , but i was the one to donate half my liver
eh , i won that . but in the interest of actually finishing this , i'll take the books , you can have the rest
need hat and ball , you have rest
hat fits me just right though
omg . . . it was from my grandpa too . . . . . . are we cousins ? lost bro / sis ?
i have his picture tattoo'd on my back .
but that was after i paid for his liver , lung , and heart transplant .
that was the transplant that didn't take though , he had to go through a 2 nd operation and took 3 / 4 of my liver . i gave my heart too , currently on artifical .
i can't do that . i need the book , and either two hats or two balls .
no , i can't do that . i need either both hats , and a book , or both balls and a book .
you can have both hats , i will take the balls and the book .
no deal then .
sorry . i just can't .
i'd like two balls and a book please
i'll give you the book , and one hat
i can't do that . i need both balls and one hat . you can have the book i know you really want it . but only one hat .
nope , that doesnt work either .
hm i guess no deal
i can take the balls , but i need the hat or book . which do you want more ? hat or book ?
ok
i would like 1 ball
thanks
i'd like 2 books and 1 hat please ?
okay , so i get 1 hat and 2 balls ?
deal
i was gonna take the books and you could have everything else
yes
hello . . . . . i'd lke the 3 balls and you can hve the books and hat if that is ok
hi
okay . i can do that .
i would like books and hat
deal
okay
i would like the hats , you can have the rest
you can have all the books
i'll give you 1 ball and all the books
ok deal
you take the books . ineed the rest
ill take 1 ball 1 hat and 1 book
i'd prefer the book and 2 balls
well it seems we want the same thing which doesn't work
okey dokey
yeah i got that
i guess we have to go through this a few times before we can submit ?
id prefer the 2 balls and the book
nodeal
no deal
no deal
no deal
ok how about i get the book and 1 ball and 1 hat ?
excellent deal
i'm feeling the hats and maybe one ball .
okay deal .
i can not give up both books . i can give you one book and two balls
okay thank you !
i would like two balls and two books
that sounds fair
if i can have the book and the balls you can have the hats
okay great ! thank you !
i can do that
ty
never , you take all hats and one book
deal
give me hats and ball
ok
how about 3 basketballs and i keep the rest
how about just the hat
i can do just the book
okay the hat and 1 ball ?
2 balls and the hat ?
the book is the only thing i have a value , the balls and hat are worth zero to me
gimme the book and hat
basketballs mean nothing to me . nothing . especially after that unu .
i need book and 2 balls
i can't do just book , that hurts
book and 2 balls .
3 balls and hat , or 2 balls and book
i'd like the basketball both hats and 1 book .
for me ? i need at least the basketball and one hat and one book .
i'd like both books
i'd be good with both hats and a book
i'd like the books , you can have the rest
deal
okay
great
can i have the book and 1 hat
i have to have the book , you ca have all else
you can have two hats but , i need the book
okay deal . thank you .
i really need the ball . how about if i get the ball , 2 hats and you keep all books ?
i want the ball and two books
deal
can i have the book annd a hat
kool , good deal
that sounds like a fair deal .
can i just take all books ?
3 books and a hat then . it`s only fair
i can give you the hat and a book
i can give you three books
just take all books i take rest
i'd like the hat . you can have everything else .
you can have the hat and the ball . i ; ll take all 4 books .
i would like one of each please
hmmm . . . . i like tht hat
ok
deal
hello . i'd love the ball and a book .
thanks !
hello . i really need the ball . how does the ball and a book for me and the rest to you sound ?
ok lets do it
i would like 2 balls and 2 hats please .
nope you can have book and 1 hat
i need book and 2 balls
ok
balls and hats for me
balls and three hats for me
balls and two hats for me
hello , can i have the balls , the book , and 1 hat ?
i am going to need more than just the 1 book . you can have both balls if i can have 3 of the hats .
that will not work still . would you like all 4 hats if i can have the balls and book ?
okay , deal .
ill give you both balls for the books .
in that case ill take the hat and both balls
naw thats too easy no deal
i can give you both balls and a book
i need the books and the balls
that is not going to work - i need both books and 1 ball minimum
thats fine as long as i can get both books
okay well then i need both books and a ball . or both balls and a book .
deal .
take the books , they're useless . i need two hats .
oh , hmm . that works .
how about you take one hat and the basketball
great , so books for me and 1 hat . hat and basketball for you ?
i have to have the ball
if i can't have the ball there is no deal to be made
no deal then , no problem
no deal
no deal
if i can have the ball and the two hats you can have the books
i need the ball as well . is there any other deal you are willing to make ?
same for me as well . i am sorry we could not make a deal .
no deal .
no deal .
howd i would really those balls and a hat
gonna have to split it all up then because i need those balls too
i'll give you one ball , one book , and one hat .
so im taking 1 ball and two hats correct ?
deal
i want the balls and the books
okay , how about i get both balls and one book
how about you give me one ball and two books
yes
you can have the three hats if i get the books and ball
i have ball at four and books at two . so fair split , i get ball and one book , you get the rest
deal .
i'd like the hat and two balls if that is ok
i can offer you either the book or the ball
so we agree on you just taking the ball ?
how about you take the ball and the boo
you can have one hat and one ball
i need the hat and 1 ball
the hat is not something i can give up , i could take the hat only and you could have the rest ?
yes i cannot be without the hat , nothing else is worth anything
how do we do no deal ?
well i will take the low score this time , you take the hat i will take the rest ?
i need hat and book
looks like a standoff
same
we talk until 'no deal' button appears
okay
i can take just the ball or take everything but the ball .
no deal . the two i offered is all i can do . otherwise i have less than 5 points .
no deal
i would like the ball and the 4 hats
how about i take the ball and 2 hats ? you can have the rest
how about i take the ball and 1 hat ?
ok i will take the ball and you can have the rest
give me all hats and balls
deal
how about the balls and the books instead ?
you can have the hats if i can have the ball and books
i need at least one book
i cannot give up the ball
i cannot do that . i have to have the ball and at least one book
the ball is most valuable to me . i cannot give it up
i will not . i can guarantee that you would be receiving far more points . to be fair , you should not leave me with one item and you take 5
no deal then
i need all the books
i'll take the hats , two books , and one ball
then give me all the books and hats
how about i get the ball , all the hats , and one book ?
ok , then you'd have to relinquish all the hats and the books . if you want to be fair
no deal
no , i dont like that offer
you can have all the balls and hat and i'll take the book .
fine , just so we can get a deal ill agree to yours
i'd like the book . you can have the rest .
that's all i can do . book is 10 for me .
no deal .
alright sounds good . pleasure doing business with you .
i'd like the hat and one ball
give me the hat
can i have the hat and two balls ?
ok , how about the hat and one ball ?
for you
sorry , i can't agree to that deal . i need at least one ball , and i'd like the hat as well .
for you or for me ?
that seems fair to me . deal .
i need the book , you can have the rest
how about one book
deal
hi , i need the book and the 2 hats . you can have 4 balls
you can have the book and 1 hat if i can have the balls and 1 hat
you can have the hats but , i need the book and the balls
if that's your best deal then i will take it
i would like the book and all the hats and you can have all the balls .
sorry , i can't do a deal without the book and at least 2 hats .
balls and books for me
cann i have the hat 1 book and 1 ball please
okay
i'd like both balls and the book you can keep the 3 hats .
how about both balls and you keep the rest ? although i do like the book . . .
how about you take one ball ?
you take both balls ill take the rest
how about i get the hats and ball , you can have the books ?
trade the ball for a book ? or do you just not want books at all
ok , it's a deal
books are dr . seuss , i am uninterested
ball and books to me , rest to you
i would like the hat and the ball you can have all three books
ok i will take the 3 books and the hat ?
i need the ball and 2 books .
i need the ball and 1 book .
i will take the balls and you can have the hat and the book
great
deal .
i need hats and ball
ok deal
yes
i need the books and hats
i can give up the hats if i get the ball .
so you get the hats and i get the books and ball
i need the book or the ball also , preferably the ball .
ok , it's a deal
you have have the hats if i can have the book and the ball
you have have the hats and ball if i can have the book
hi i would like the book and balls
no i really would like the book and 1 ball and you could have all 3 hats and the 1 ball ?
i will give you both balls if i ge the bok
okay so i will take the book and the hats
deal
that's not going to work for me , i can give you the hats and 1 ball while i get the book and other ball if you want
the hats don't do anything for me . so i either need two balls , or one ball and one book
okay , i'll go with that
yes , deal
i like the book and balls
as do i
i couldn't have just one ball ?
gret !
i need the book fairly badly .
if i give you the book i will need everything else .
i guess that would be ok .
hi , i would like the hats , and 1 ball . in exchange you can have the books and 1 ball
i can split the hats , giving you 1 but i need both of the balls in that case
yes , you get both books and we split the hats . i get the balls
i would really like the hats and one book
i would need both hats and one book or both books and one hat
deal
can you let one of the other items go for one ball ?
you can have the balls ill take the rest
no
if i can have both books you can have the rest
deal
could i have two balls and one book ?
deal
i would like the hat , and 1 ball
i cant let the hat go
i need the book and the hat . would you be willing to take all of the balls instead ?
okay then you can have the hat and i get everything else ?
i'll take the books and ball sure .
how about i trade you one hat for the ball .
deal .
i want the hats and ball .
no way ! give me one hat and the ball .
no . i can take two hats and you get the rest .
i'd like hat and 1 book .
i have to have hat .
deal .
i'd also like that hat . if i can have the hat and one ball you can have the rest .
you can have the hat if i can have everything else
i agree
i'll take two hats .
i want the hats and balls
i want the hats and one ball
can i get both books and one hat ?
deal
i would like the ball and the book . you can have all the hats .
great ! have a great night !
i can agree to that
i'd like the book and the hats you keep the balls ?
that was the main item in my initial offer . book and 1 hat for me you get rest ?
i think that's the best split for the both of us .
could i take the balls and get the book as well ?
hats are meaningless for me , so you may as well take them both . so i'm taking all balls and you get the rest ?
can i have the book and one hat instead ?
i'll take 1 ball and a book you get the hats and the other ball
yes
ill take the hat and ball , you can have the books .
i need the hat and ball , books are worthless to me
so what now ?
ok you sure no deal ?
ill get 5
no deal
i'll take a hat and a book
same here
we wait till the no deal button comes up and we click on it
without the hat i ger 4 / 10
so we are stuck
ok deal
i would like both books and the ball
deal
i really like the books and i like the hats , too . what do you want ?
i get both books and one hat , you get the rest ?
i really think the fair thing would be to split the 6 items so we each have 3 .
i see two of each item , so we actually do know the quantity of items . i don't understand ?
i have nothing of high value , are the books worth it for you ? you get both books , i get the rest ?
i'd be losing out if i dropped the hat . i think based on your initial offer and interest in the books , the other items should be left to me .
we know its not about the quantity of items , but the value of their points . your books hold a slightly substantial value based on your initial interest . i'm willing to give them both up for the remaining items .
there's 6 items , but the value of the item is different to each of us as per the instructions . you wanting both books means they hold a substantial value . . . i'm willing to concede to the books , but i'd like the other 4 items since they're low value to me .
i would like 3 balls and the hat and book
that was my opener so i expect counter offers of course , i don't really want the book and would much prefer the balls over anything else .
anyway i can get 3 balls ?
i guess we can do 2 balls for me and the book . you get 2 balls and the hat
well , since this hit calls for us to negotiate an agreement . i'd like to find an offer that works for the both of us instead of giving you every item . you can definitely have the book , what else would you like to offer ?
book has no value to me at all , i assume it'll give you minimal points . i'd be ok with two balls and the hat ?
that wouldn't allow me any points . i need to settle at 3 balls , or two balls and the hat ; can we make one of them work ?
i assume that's fair . deal .
nope sorry . i need the ball . you can have the hat and 2 books if youd like
sorry i cant do that . guess we wont be reaching a deal
ok . no deal
yep . i agree
the button hasnt appeared for me
i want the ball and two books
if you get the ball i want everything else
no deal then
no deal then
no deal button not working
are you set on all three hats ? i would like the two balls and a hat .
that also sounds good to me . two balls and book for me , the hats for you ?
ill take the 3 hats and the book you can have the 2 balls .
yeah i really want the 3 hats i could however give you the book and 2 balls
yes deal .
hat and 2 books to me
okay , i'll trade - hat and ball to me ; you take 4 books
i'm not a sports fan . i love books and want to read them all
deal
hello , i need to obtain the hat and am willing to give you the books and balls in return .
yucky deal , but i suppose its fair enough . . deal
the book is good for me , i can take the book and 2 hats
all the hats and the book ?
can i have the balls , and if the book is worthless to you i' could use it .
take all the hats .
sure
i'll take the book . you can have the rest .
okay agreed .
i'll have hat and balls
one ball and the books
need hat and books
books and both balls to me
one ball , the books and the half eaten apple
you can have the balls ill take the hat and book
good idea
ok ill take the rest
i'm going to give you a response after i waste this foist line to appease the system
i'll take the balls
sorry that wont work for me . i need the book and hat too
ok , i can do that . ill give you the book and 2 balls
the book and the hat are what i desire . i cede the balls
i really must insist n the book but i can give the hat if it yields me two balls
we have a deal
i need 1 hat and 2 balls
i cant give up the hat
i would at least need 1 book and the hat
deal
what you would require to give up the hat ?
ok , give me everything else then .
give me the books and one ball then .
can't do ! but you can have all of the books if i can just have the hat and the balls
how about i take the hat and 1 ball and you can take the books and 1 ball ?
then i will take the balls and one book ?
i'd like 1 of each please
sorry , can't do that . i'll give you all balls , but i need the hat and books .
that doesn't work . i need the hat .
i need at least 1 book with the hat , and you can have the other 3 .
give me all the hatts and the basketball
i need the book to study with , i'll let you have all of the hats
hmmm . . i like the ball
i would like the 2 balls and 2 books
okay deal i will get 1 ball and 4 books and you get the rest
if i can get the hat and 1 ball you can have the rest
i don't think so , i'll take 2 hats
no - 2 hats 1 book
i'll settle for 2 hats
i would like two books , one hat , and both basketballs
one hat and one basketball ?
that wont work for me
i would like the book and the balls . you can have all of the hats
deal
i need hats and two balls and we call it the day
ok so confirm
you can have 3 books and one hat . i`ll just grab the ball , deal ?
if i can have one of each you can have the other two books
okay deal
okay agreed .
i'd like the hat . you can have the rest .
you can have both hats if i can have the rest
i would like 1 hat and 1 ball
fine
you can have both , i don't need them
you can have all of the balls if i can have the hat .
can i also have one of the books ?
okay , great . so you get the balls , i get everything else .
if i can have the hat and the books you can have the balls
i need the hat as well . i can't give up that much
i can't give up the hat . what other deal are you willing to give
okay that works .
you can have both books and thats it
i need the hat and one ball
ill give you everything if you give me the hat
ill take the balls and the book
you can have the hats but i want the book and the balls
you take only the hats .
no ill take the balls and hats you get the book
you can have the book and 1 hat
okay deal .
i'd like the book and the hats
no deal . i'll take the book and one hat and one ball
nope . the book and the balls
nope . book and 1 ball
book and 2 hats
deal
ok , what will you give me ?
i would like two balls and the book
you can have the rest
i can give you them if i can have the rest
deal ?
a lot
ehh
i would like two hats
that could work , perhaps
how much is a book worth to you ?
and the basketballs ?
i would like the book and both hats
how about i take the book , 1 hat , and 1 ball ?
that will not work . i will have to take the book and one hat
what would you like
i can't give up both hats . i will take 1 hat and the balls
i can give you 1 ball and 1 hat . i take 2 balls hat and book
ok . that will break even for me
can't do that
two balls one hat
i would like all the balls
2 balls and 2 hats then
if i give up the hat , i need the remaining items . however if you're wiling to give me the hat and 1 of the other items , you can have the rest
deal
may i have the hat a book and a ball ?
i'll give you the hat and one tof the basketballs
no i need a hat , you can have the rest
deal
i'd like one of each , you get 3 balls
ok i get book and 4 balls
hello , i would like the hat and book and you can have the balls
thank you
can i have the hat and balls ?
ok that works
i would really like 1 ball
deal !
okay , i'll take the rest
deal
i want the book and the ball .
i want the ball and three books and a hat
i really want that ball tho
i take everything else then ?
if i can have one book and the ball you can have the rest
no deal . i want the ball and you can have everything else .
i can not make a deal without the ball
yes
i'll close with two hats !
deal
never
ok you get everything but the book
i need the book and two hats
what's your counter offer ?
okay
no deal . i need the book and either 2 hats or 2 balls .
deal .
i would like the book and hats you can have the basketballs
i will take all the hats you can have the rest
you can have the hats if i can have the rest
you can have 1 hat and 1 book if i can have the rest
deal
nope . i don't want the hats
give me the ball , and you can have the rest
i'll take the books and one hat , and you take one hat and the two balls .
deal
i want the book and a ball
so book and ball for me , hats and ball for you
okay . i'll take the two hats .
okay .
ok deal
gimme hat , you take rest
okay , 2 books for me hat and balls for you .
give me hat and balls
deal
if i could have the balls you can have the hat and book
ok deal
i need the hat and the ball
i just want the hat .
you can have the book and all balls .
2 balls
sure
what would you like
i get the rest ? deal
i'm gunna grab one of each .
ok i'll take books and hats .
gimme ball , u take rest
i want the books and balls
cant do it , i like the books
well then no deal
no deal
well then
i'd like the books and hat , you can have the balls
i'll take just the books then , the rest is yours
same , if i don't get the books , no deal
last offer , i'll take two books and hat , you get one book and balls
no deal
i like the sound of that .
i'd like the ball and two hats .
great . deal !
how about 2 balls instead ?
agreed
i need one of each item
there is only 1 ball . i need the hat and 2 books then
i want book and two hats .
ok , i get the book and one hat .
i would like both balls and the book
can i have one hat
yup
sounds absolutely bad . i'd like the book and the ball .
yes
how does a single hat for you sound ?
you want the book and the ball ?
deal !
hi . i would like the hats and you can have the rest
i can do that , deal
you take all books and i take the rest
i really need the book . you can have the ball and two hats ?
i won't be able to make a deal unless i get the book unfortunately
that's fine .
id like the book and the ball , you may have all hats
the book is my main thing too . i can take book and a hat
ok , give me the rest and you can have the book
deal
if i can have the balls and the books you can have the hat
no deal . i need both balls or i can not make a deal . if i get both balls you can have the rest
no , i would need the ball and the books if anything
okay so i get both books and one ball ?
okay great . thank you !
no i cannot accept that . i want the balls and you can have the rest .
can you do a ball and a hat ?
ok i can do that you get a ball and a book .
yes
good afternoon ! i will give you one book and one ball !
deal
i wantt he books and a hat
no , how about i give you both hats and the ball
i need to have one other thing besides the ball , can i have a book ?
ok !
gimme the book and hats
i need book , no deal otherwise
we talk until button appears
agreed
yes
you can have the hats and i will get the book and the ball
no deal . sorry .
no deal .
no deal .
no deal .
that will be fine if i get everything else ?
i'll take the basketball .
what would you like
can i have 1 hat
that will work . i will take the book and the balls
if i can have the hats and the book you can have all of the balls
i can give up the hats . you can have the book and the balls if you would like
okay thank you !
i need the ball , and i'd like to keep either a book or a hat .
agreed
you can have the ball and 1 hat
yes to the ball and even a book , but i must take umbrage at relinquishing any of the hats
it is not ideal but a reasonable request and i will agree
can i have ball and 2 hats ?
book is 0 for me . how about ball and 1 hat ?
thanks .
how about one hat apiece , i get ball
i need a hat
i need the hat , it was a gift
i'd like both hats and 1 book .
how about i just take both hats , you take the books and the ball .
there's no way i can give up a hat . . .
i'll take 2 books and 1 hat then .
book and balls for me
book and balls for me
balls and all the hats for me then
balls and all hats
ok balls and three hats
give me book and hats
i need book and hat , or no deal
balls and 3 hats for you
no deal
ok
i need the books and you can have the rest
i need 3 books and the ball
confirming , i get 3 books and the ball
i need 2 books and the hat
ok
i you give me the hat and both books i would let you have those 3 really cool basketballs .
i would really like the books . reading is my favorite hobby .
that is fair .
nah . i am not a sports fan . i prefer reading . i will take the books and hat and you can have the balls
we can split the books . you can have the hats , and i will take the balls for my kid brother
sounds good
give me ball and hats
hmmm no deal . need ball
true . . . no deals
hey , i'd be willing to give you the basketball if i can take the hat ? then lets split the books , okay ?
great ! 2 books , 1 hat and 0 ball for me .
sounds good
i'd like the hat , two balls and a book
no can do . i need the two balls and a hat at least .
no worries . how about i take the two balls and you keep the rest .
how about i take one ball and the hat ?
well then we've wasted our time . i think that is as fair a deal as possible . last chance . i keep one ball and the hat .
i want 2 balls 1 book
we will have no deal then sorry
balls are only thing with decent points for me rest are 1
sorry i just cant
no deal
believe or not , that sounds great !
hi , i'd like the two balls and the hat and in return you can have the books
i just want books . others are worthless to me .
i can do one book and two balls .
so we split the books . you take hats . i'll take balls .
i need two hats and two books
split the books ? one for you and one for me ?
balls have 0 value on my end
i'd like the book , the rest to you
deal
i keep getting messages about giving in too early , so i'm goign to try something different . whats each object worth on your end ?
hats are two , balls and books are worth nothing .
i've had a bunch today that didn't add up to ten . i just thought it was something new noah was trying out .
i think he changed it . i'm getting a bunch of different messages after submission . one about giving in too fast , another about getting the best deal , etc . since the hats are the only things worth anything on my end , could i have both of them , and you coul
yeah , strange . i sent him a couple messages in the feedback so we'll see . maybe it'll change again tomorrow . sorry we couldn't reach a deal .
books are 1 each , hats are 3 each , ball is 2 . what about you ?
that doesn't make sense . . . that doesn't add up to 10 .
huh . never seen that before .
but that'd leave me with 4 / 10 , so i can't do a deal for that . we might just have to disagree . (i've gotten those messages when i've done these in the past , btw . it's the not adding up to 10 that's new to me . )
no problem . nice chatting , anyway .
i need the book as well . can i have the book and two balls and you can take the hat and two balls ?
okay that is fine
i need the book and hat please
no deal i'll just take the book you take the rest
ok
give me book and hat
ok , so i get all the hats ?
works for me
i'd like 2 books and the ball
yup
ok
i need the book , you can have the rest
great
deal .
i can cede the books and one hat - the ball and one hat for me
no , , , sorry , ball is everything for me
looks like a no deal
no deal
alas , no deal
i need the ball at minimum can give you the rest
ditto rest are worthless
no deal
: /
no deal
okay , that's a deal .
hi there ! i would like the hat , and you can have everything else .
i'd like the book , and you can have everything else
the hats and the balls have no value to me
ok , no deal , but we'll have to type a while to get a no deal reached message
i can' leave myself with no points , the book is the only one that has value to me
ok , no deal
no deal
no , i need the book and the hats
no book , no deeal
you have to give a little . i need the book and 1 hat
your points are of no concern to me i need the book and you can be left with 0
you can have the hats and balls i will be taking the book , accept the deal
i'd like the ball and 1 book .
i live with that
i would like the book one hat and one ball
how about i get the hats and the balls ?
ok
you can have both hats and one ball if i can get the book and two of the balls .
yeah , that's fine .
i'll take the books and 3 balls .
difference between transparency and negotiations , no deal .
no deal
no deal
no deal
no deal
no deal
if i can have the hat and the balls you can have the book
i need at least the hat and two balls or i can not make a deal
okay . no deal .
no deal .
no deal .
i need book
ok
i'll taker book and ball and you can have the hats if that's ok ?
ok , you take the book and i'll take hats and balls
i would need 1 hat
ok
if i can have the books and the hats you can have the balls
you can have one hat and the balls and i will take the two books and the hat ?
okay great ! thank you !
i get the hats and the book . i all give you the balls .
i get all that hat and 1 ball and you get the book and 2 balls . is that okay .
you get all the balls and 1 hat . deal
deal
i will take the balls but i need either a hat or the book also
i need both balls
sounds good
if you get the hats , i would like the book and the ball
i want the basketball as well . what value is the hat to you ?
i want the basketball and one hat .
fine , i will accept the hat and two books then .
i'll take a basketball and a book
if you take the ball i'll need the hat and all three books
can't do it
could i have the book and one ball ?
or , now bare with me i'll keep the book and you can have the ball and three hats
well unfortunately the book isn't for sale so your going to need to find another source to site .
no deal
i will give you 2 hats and 2 basketballs if you give me 3 books
hi . . i'd like 2 hats and 2 basketballs
what would you like
all balls for you only
just two then
i need book and two balls
then we have a catch 22
no deal
book and the hat
dont need them at all
what do you need
i cant give up the book
ok no deal then
i'll take the basketballs and hats , you can take the book
i'll take one basketball and the hats .
i need at least one basketball .
no deal . i get one basketball , one hat , rest is yours .
my last offer is one basketball , one hat . no more offers . deal ?
ok no deal
i really would like both basketballs and the books . you can have the hats . though i like those , too . i'll take the book and 2 basketballs and you can have the rest .
no , i need both basketballs , please . i will take both basketballs and 1 hat . you can have the book and 1 hat .
i'm sorry . i need both of them for sentimental reasons . if i take both basketballs , you can have everything else : the 2 hats and the 1 book . deal ?
you can have 1 basketball if i get 1 basketball , 2 hats , and 1 book .
no , unfortunately , it's not a deal . either i get 2 basketballs and you get 2 hats and 1 book or i get 1 basketball , 2 hats , and 1 book and you get 1 basketball .
greetings ! i the great mauve power ranger come to request of you two hats and one book , so i can set off in my ventures to save the world !
i can live with that .
i'm interested in the ball and both books
thank you
i would like the basketballs and the hat
i'll take the 3 basketballs and you can have the rest
i will take 2 basketablls and the hat . you can have the basketball and both books
how about i take 2 basketballs and you take the rest
deal
you can have 1 basketball and the hat . i'll take the rest .
no . you can have 2 basketballs and 1 book . i will take 1 basketball , 1 hat , and 1 book .
no . it seems we're not going to agree .
okay i guess that will work .
i'll take the ball and books if you want the hats
i could trade a book for a hat . . . . . . anything else puts me mathametically dead
and 1 hat
ill take the hats but i need one other item
so you take one ball and one book ?
you can have the ball and two books
i only need the hat .
i would like the books
okay i will take the books and ball and you can have the hat
give me the hat and ball
hat and 2 books
no deal then .
i need a ball and a book
i need both books and a hat then
deal
i'd like the ball and a hat please .
i have to get the ball . i can give you both books if you want . but i need that ball .
you can have two books + hat . i'll take ball + hat
i need the ball you take rest
thx
i need the hat and the ball .
deal .
the ball and one book
deal
i cannot give up the ball but you can have the rest .
i take all balls and hats , you keep the book
no book
i don't believe it because 2 points each then we have 14 points on board
yeah no deal
yes
i would need one of each
i need one of each just to make 6 / 10
no deal then
soon as it pops up , click on the no deal button
cool
hat and one ball please
two balls
deal
hi i'd like the hat and two balls please
i'll give you the ball and both books if i can have the hat
yes sorry , typo there . i'll give you both books and both balls
deal .
if i can have the balls and the hats you can have the book
okay great ! thank you !
i would like to keep the basketball .
no - i would like two of them in addition to the basketball .
i would like the ball and at least one book .
i won't be able to do that .
how about giving up one of the hats in addition to the ball ?
so it's either just the ball and nothing else or all the hats and books ?
what if i give you the ball and take all the hats and books ?
i'll take the ball and give you the hats and books .
deal
and i get all the books and all the hats ?
i don't think i can do that . . . if you get the ball then i need the rest
i will give you both books if i can have the ball and the hats
then we have to go back to my original statement . . if you get the ball then i need the hats and the books
can't do it
yes those are the offers on the table
no , if i take the ball i need either the hats or the books
deal , the hats and books for me and the ball for you
i take hat you get the rest
fine you get the hat i get the rest
hat is the only thing that has value to me
deal
i would like the hat . you can have the rest
that is ok as long as i get the balls .
agreed
i'd like the book and hat
sounds good
i'd like the ball
okay , that's fine .
i'm sorry , that won't work . i'd like the hat and ball . you can have all the books though .
what kind of deal can we make ? i really want the hat
could i have the ball and two books ?
i need the book and the hat
i need the hat and 3 balls then
you can have the hat but i need the book
ok i will take the book and 1 ball ?
i would like the books and hats
no deal then . i need them too
agree . no deal
yep
no deal
i'll take the hats , you can have everything else
i need both hats
ok , no deal
soon as the no deal button comes up . . . . .
yep
i need the book and one ball to make a deal
yes
i would like the book and the hats .
is that your final offer ?
deal .
i would like a book , a hat , and a ball .
ok deal .
i would like all the books and you can have the hat and ball
deal !
gimme book
get it
book and 1 ball
okay
i want the book and two balls .
deal .
hi . i'll take the book and balls and you can have the hat
deal
how about if i get 2 of the hats and the book ?
how about if i get the book and one hat ?
then i'll settle for the 3 hats
take all the hats i get eveyrthing else\
book cant but i can give you the 2 hats and a ball
no deal on this one
you can have 3 hats
too bad cant give you that
no . thats too much
cool story bro
i stand with you aint getting that .
good
don't want 3 hats ; want book and ball .
how about book and 4 hats ?
no deal can be reached
i stand pat with book and ball
we are finished .
okay , i'll take 2 balls and 2 hats and give you 1 book and 1 ball
i would like a book and one ball
deal
no . i want the hat and both balls .
i'll take the hat , one ball , and one book .
i want the hat , and will not give it up .
as a last resort . i'll give you everything if i can have the hat .
unfortunately i don't think we're going to be able to make a deal then .
would you accept one basketball ?
how about i give you both balls and one book
i can offer you everything if you give me the hat
i can not make an agreement with you unless i get the hat
i will not accept anything other than one hat
i need the book and two balls
same here . . . . we'll have to "no deal it" then
o
ok
soon as the no deal button comes up
you take all balls and i keep the rest
yeah i need book
ok go
no
ok
i'm going to need the book and two balls
i will take the hat and the book . you can have all of the balls .
alright deal .
that works for me ! thank you !
i will take both balls , you can have the rest ?
ok
give the balls and hats to me
what items do you have to offer ?
i really do not need balls , . i would like to actually offer you 2 balls .
i will give you 4 balls , for 2 hats .
ok 4 balls to you and hate to me
works for me
i can offer you 2 balls .
i'd like all balls then , and a hat ?
i only have one hat . i can give you one hat , then .
and book to me .
you get all the books
deal
ok deal i will take all 3 books and you can have the rest
deal .
i need the ball and 2 hats
okay so i get the ball and 2 hats correct ?
i want the ball and a hat . i'm a cowboy who has big dreams of entering the nba .
yes you get the book and 2 hats . dallas here i come .
i get the book and 2 hats then , that works for me
hello , which items would you like ?
same here , can you be more specific please ?
you can only have the ball .
i will take two book and two hats as well .
multiply that by two and you've got yourself a deal .
all of them .
no , i can't . i want all of them !
i'll give you one book . . . . . nah , two books .
nah bro . i see you in these streets . one book and ball for you .
hi . i would like the basketball . you can have the hat
how about we split the books
hello
you only want the basketball and i can have all the rest ?
deal
i would like the basketball .
you can have the hat but i want 2 of the books .
i'll give you the basketball if i can have the hat and the books .
okay .
give me books and hats
ok
all th books and 1 hat for you
i need both books and 1 ball
okay
how about you leave me the balls , you keep everything else ?
deal if i can have 2 balls and one book
i'd like the two hats
hi , i would like the ball and book and you can have the hats
deal
you can have both balls we split the hats and i get the book
i want both hats and one ball
agreed
i would like both balls and both hats .
deal .
gimme a hat to go with my book
i would like the hat the book and one ball
what if i give you all the balls and hat
no deal then
hat is worth everything for me
i need the book , along with 1 ball
worth nothing to me
we talk until button
hat to you , everything else to me
i'd like the two balls and two hats . . . are books useful to you ?
i suppose that's right down the the middle for us . deal , pick which you want and let me know .
how about i get the 2 books and either 1 ball or 1 hat ?
okay , i'll take 2 books and 1 hat .
can i have a book and the ball ?
thanks
that is fair enough for me
hello , can i have the hats and a book ? you can have the balls .
so 1 book and 3 balls for you , 1 book 2 hats for me ?
thank you
one book
deal
i need the balls . you can have the rest .
i'd like the book and balls you keep all 3 hats .
ok
how about you get all hats
nope ,
ok good job
the ball and two hats for me , book and one hat for you ?
hmmm . . . can i have the book too ?
ok , i can live with all hats
deal
i need to books , the rest to you
ok deal
okay . you can have two hats , one ball , and one book . that would be an equal points split for us .
i would like the two hats
how about you get the ball and 1 book , i'll take the hats and 1 book ?
i would like the books and balls
okay
no ball , i can give you two hats
so i get the ball only ?
1 ball and 1 hat for me !
how about you take the and book , i'll keep the hats for myself .
the ball you book .
i want the hat and books
i can't give up the books , but you can have all the rest
i can do that , deal
i'd like the ball and the hat .
i need the book , the rest to you
okay deal .
i want 1 book and 1 hat
okay lets do this
okay you can have the book if i can have everything else
okay thank you !
i just want the book
deal
thx
how about i take the books and the balls ?
i take the threee books and the hat ?
no deal
no deal
no deal
what w
jsut balls
you can have the balls and one bool
no deal
no deal
how about i take 1 book and wo hats and you take the rest ?
how about i take 3 books and you take the rest ?
it's actually the same
offer me a better deal than the 1 st one
so we agree on you take two books and the ball and i take two hats and one book
counter
ill take the books and the ball
that doesnt give me enough points
thats even worse
for you maybe
i cant
no
no deal
i need ball and books
ok
i need the ball also , you can have all the books and hats if i get one ball
i'd like all of the balls
deal
if i can have the books and hat that is a deal
i like the balls but i need one book at least
ok
hi i would like the books and hat and you can have the balls
ok . i can offer the balls and 1 book to you
i'd like the hat and the book , rest to you
i'll take the hat , you can have the rest
i'm willing to give up the hat , but i need to keep the book . we can negotiate on the balls .
that works for me . deal .
hey there ! how's your day ? !
no sorry . you can have the ball and two books , i'll take the hat and 1 book .
great , can i have the ball and hat and you can have the three books ?
we can agree to that
i can give you the ball , but i need at least 1 book
i'm not working with a lot , i need 1 book and 2 hats .
sorry , looks like we're going to have set our numbers to 0 and wait for the no deal button
no deal was agreed and it should show up as long as you don't leave this page
i'll just take the 2 hats
i would like the ball and 2 books
i would like the ball , 1 hat , 1 book then .
me too . i'll either need the ball and 2 books or the ball , 1 hat , 1 book .
agreed with the no deal .
yes , it should hopefully show up soon .
ok . deal .
i can offer you the book only
i really would rather not . would just a book only be fine ?
okay i can give you one book and one hat
you can't do a book and the hat ?
a book and a hat seems pretty fair . two items to four
hi
ok
hey ! how's it going ? !
how about you take the ball and two books , i'll take the hat and one book ?
i want the hats and either the book or ball
how about i give you one hat and a ball
alright deal
i need 2 hats , the rest to you
that won't work , i need two hats , sorry
give me the hats and books
okay , 2 hats 2 books for you , 3 balls for me .
i would like the books .
how about i get two books and the hat and you take the rest ?
two books and the ball for me
ok
can i have books please .
deal .
i don't need the ball . i'd like the book and a hat please .
i need at least one hat . i can't make a deal unless i get one hat and the book .
no deal then unfortately
yes , no deal
yes , can't do it . sorry , no deal .
i would like both hats , you can have the book and ball
i can not do that deal , i need both hats
i can not do the deal unless i get both hats and nothing else
that is unfortunate we could not work out an agreement
you are sure you will not give me the hats ?
the book and one ball
bet
i want ball and one book
i need both books and one hat
yes
i need the ball also , and something else
so who gets ball ? and what else do you want ?
i need the ball and both hats
ok i can take the ball and one hat
hello
i want 1 of each
no deal , ball is my anchor ; i could do ball & 2 hats
i have to be above 5 , so i guess there is no deal .
no deal is it .
not a chance .
you can have everything if you give me one ball
i need one ball or we cant make a deal
no deal
are you sure you cant come off the ball ?
everything else is worthless to me the ball is my only valuable item
okay you can have the ball if i can have everything else
i would only like the ball
i'll take the book . you can have the rest .
i'll let you have the book and ball . but i'll need all the hats .
ok .
i really want the book ball and 1 hat
can't i have 1 hat with the book & ball ?
i need the hat and the ball you can have the books
i need the hat , you take the ball and the books
you can either the hat or the ball , i'll take everything else .
deal
i'll take the rest ? you got yourself a deal .
i would like all the books if that is fine .
deal .
sorry ill give you teh books and you get a balls and a hats
gimme the balls and hats
deal
hi . ill take the books and you can have the rest
deal .
i'll let you have all 4 balls if i can have the hat and book
um , would like the hat or book more ?
ok , how about i get 2 balls and the hat , and you get the book and two balls
that does not work for me , i was going to offer you the same deal
they are the same
i'd really like 3 of those books .
that'll work .
can't do that . i want 2 balls , hat and 1 book
good
i'd like ball . you can have rest .
that works for me
i need the book and the balls . you can have the hats .
no i need the book and at least 1 ball .
if i give up the ball i'd need everything else .
books and two hats for you and that's a deal .
ball and books for me
ok , books and three hats for me
if i can have the books you can ahve everything else
if i can have the books and the hats you can have the balls
okay that's fine .
i would like the hat and you can have the rest .
i can't give up the hat .
no deal then .
my first offer was to give you everything except the hat .
ok then , no deal .
sorry , i can't give up the hat . agree to no deal ?
i need the hat
same i cant give it up either
but maybe you just give me everything ?
still wont work for me
but maybe you give me the hat ?
i would like both books
ok
both books for you rest for me ?
deal
i need the hat and the balls
i really need both balls and the hat to make it worthwhile
then no deal
nd
no deal
no , and we have to have a certain number of exchanges for the "no deal" button to pop up , so you just wasted a lot of my time by not responding
at least give me one ball and the books then
if i give you both balls i will get a low deal
no deal
no deal ?
can you at least compromise a little ?
i'd love a book and a ball .
that's fine with me .
how about i take the hats and all balls and give you the book ?
ok i get the hats and balls you get the book .
hi
you can get all balls
onehat
one hat
i want the hats and book
i want the hats though
both hats and you take everything else
how about you tell me what you want and let's see what we can do
i can't give you the book and in addition i would like one hat
you won't get rejected unless you have been making consistently crappy deals , but i will make that deal for you . i will take the book and give you the hats and balls
i'd like the book and the balls .
that would leave me with 3 . i don't want to get rejected . can you let me have the rest if you get the book ?
thanks
what would you like
no ball
ok
i will give you all of the hats and i will take just the book and ball
that's fine .
i would like the hat and ball
i'm fine with just the ball
yup
sorry cant give you the hat
okay you can have the ball ill take everything else
deal
no , i need the book and 2 balls
yes that will be good
if i can have the book and the hat you can have all of the balls
okay ill give you the book and two balls but i would like the hat and two balls
okay great ! thank you !
i'd like the book and hats please
sorry i need the book , i' m not working with a lot .
okay , i'll take 1 book and 1 hat
i'd like only the book
then i'd take both balls and a hat
deal
how about i keep the book and the balls , and you can have the hats ?
i need the book and a hat
book and ball for me , hats for you then
no , i want 1 of each
yes
the hat is a requirement for me plus ball
without the hat i at 3 , so we need the no deal button
agreed
can i have the hat and two books ?
so you want me to have three books ?
aint gonna fly i need the hat and something else .
welp guess we are not going to come to a deal let me know if you would like to keep negotiating , i have to have the hat . .
would seem so , no deal .
if i can have the balls and the book you can have the hats
i need the book as well . would you be willing to take both hats and a ball ?
you can have the book if i can have everything else
okay thank you !
i have to have the book and 1 hat
the balls are of no value , without the book i cannot make a deal
okay
i need the book and 1 hat . you can have the rest .
i would like the book and the balls .
deal .
everything ? just kidding . how about two balls and two hats .
ok . i'll keep two balls and two hats .
i can do that . i'll keep one hat the book and two balls .
yes you keep the book and one hat . i take one hat and two balls .
what would you like
perfect
just give me at least one hat or one ball , the books is worth really nothing
i need book and one hat then
hi , can i have 2 hats and 2 books ?
how about 2 hats and one ball at least .
take 4 books and the ball . i`ll have the 2 hats then
no , i need 2 hats or no deal
sorry no . 2 hats take it or leave it
no deal
how about 1 hat and 2 books ?
i need the ball and a hat , and 1 book at least
2 books , 1 hat
i need 1 hat
sorry
you can have both books if i can have the hat and all the basketballs .
ha , i need the hat and 2 balls
i need another item with the balls to make that work
okay
i can offer you one ball .
i can give you all the balls if you give me everything else
i can offer you the balls and one book
ok you get the ball and i get the rest
hello . i would like the basketball .
that works .
you can have the book but i need the hats and the ball
okay great ! thank you !
i would like the book and a hat .
i agree to that .
hello there ! how about i give you the book and a ball instead ?
i'll go for the hat and a book
hi , can i have the hat and 2 balls ?
well i look good in a hat , so i need it
good thank you
hmm . . i really like that hat
ok . i will just take the 4 books
i want the 2 balls pleaes
yes you can
and i can have the rest ?
deal
give me hats , one book , and the ball .
not great , but ok .
i would like the books and the ball .
how about you give me the books and take the rest ?
hello , can i please just have the basketballs ? they have a low value , but i love basketball .
na , both please .
and you don't want anything else ? can you give up one of the balls ?
okay , if i can have the rest .
could i have the two hats and the book
so your saying you want 1 hat , two balls and the book ? am i understanding the correctly ?
i'll give youthe book and the three balls , .
2 hats .
2 hats and you get everything else final offer .
you can have the balls but , i would like the hat and the books please
if i can take the hat and one ball that would be great
thank you !
i would like the hat and the balls .
i really need the hat or basically everything else .
that's not great for me , but i guess i accept .
you get 2 balls and one book
gimme hat and 2 balls
that works for me , i'll just take the books .
hmm , ball and hats please
if i could have all of the hats you can have the rest
i'd like the book and one ball and one hat
deal
hmm , that's exactly what i need . ball and book have no value to me . how can we compromise on this ? >
can i get two hats and the ball ?
book is zero to me .
2 hats and ball for me ; book and 1 hat for you ? fair ?
i get the hats , you can have the ball and the book .
i get 1 of each and you get the rest .
the book and 1 hat
then we have a deal because ball is zero to me .
ill give you the balls and book , i keep the hat
hi i would like the balls and book and you can have the hat
deal
the book both hats and a ball
i need the book and hats
two hats and two balls
what would you like
how about you take all hats and i keep the res
no deal
ok
i'd like the books and the hats .
ok , that's not great for me , but i think it's the best deal we can make . you can take the balls .
ok what do you want
ball are zeros so lets split the books and hats
and one hat
ill take hats and ball you can have the books
i need the hats and ball to make it work
books have zero value for me
ok
one hat and the books for me
1 one and the books , or both hats final offer
ok , the books and one hat , final offer
i would like the ball and the hat and you can have the books
ok , so i get the ball and two books ?
ok , deal
no i will take the hat and 1 book you can have the rest
yes
what would you like
i will give you the basketballs if i get the rest
basketball
ok
i would like 1 book and 2 balls .
you can have 3 hats and 1 ball , if i can have 1 book and 1 ball .
hmm , okay i'll take the book and you can get the rest .
you can have the ball but i would like the book and the hats
if you get the book i have to have the rets . or i will take the book and you have the rest
ok
throw in one hat and you have a deal .
all hats to me , everything else to you
ok
you can have that deal . . .
can i have the hat and 1 book ?
not going to happen , offer me a better deal
fine , i will accept your initial offer
hello . i need the ball and one book to make this deal .
doesn't get any better than that from me .
i'd like 1 of each please ?
i'll take 1 book and 1 ball , you ca have the rest .
no . i would like 3 books and 1 hat
deal
if i can have the balls and the book you can have the hats
okay that works for me . thank you .
i can't do that , if i can have the book i'll let you have everything else
i want the hat and two books
deal
you can have the books but , i need the hat and the balls
great ! thank you !
what would you like
i need the books and ball but you can have the hats
the books are worth too much for me . i would trade a book for all the hats
ok
i'd like the hats (and books) but negotiable .
any chance you'll take the ball and 1 book ? i take hats and 1 book ?
well that would kick my butt ! : ) - - i'll take the hats - you get the restr .
i get the ball you get the book and on hat for each of us . deal
two hats and 1 book . yes
deal
can i have two hats ?
ok , thanks
deal
both books to me , the rest to you
that deal works for me . thanks
i want the ball . you can have the rest .
ill take four books
thx
if i can have the hat and ball that is a fair deal .
ok , you can have both balls . i'll take the hats .
yes
you can have all of the hats if i can have the book and one ball
ok so i get the book and both balls ?
can ihave the book and 2 hats ?
deal
i need the hat 2 books and a ball
then i get the hat and books deal ?
i'll take the balls and a book .
will you take all three books and let me keep both balls ?
yes .
i can give all books if i can have the ball and hat
ok , ball for you , if i get the rest
i need the ball and two books .
i need the ball . you can have the books .
deal .
how about i get the book one hat and one ball and you can have one hat and two balls ?
okay then you can take the hats and i will take everything else .
you can have the book and balls if i can have the hats
no deal . i cannot give up the hats
i'll take a basketball and 2 books .
can i have one book and one basketball ?
i'll take 2 books and a hat
yes that will work
i want the hats and ball
ok , the ball and two books to me then ?
i can not part with the hats .
deal .
if i can have the book and the hats you can have the balls
i need the hats and one ball if you take the book
okay great !
i need the book and the balls
sounds good
how about you take the 3 balls and 2 hats , i take the 2 books
that deal seems reasonable . deal .
i will take just the book and you can have the rest
yes it is , and 0 for both hat and balls
so you get 2 hats and 3 balls , deal ?
is that really the best you can do ? book must be pretty pricey for you ?
okay . if it's all 10 of your points .
ill take the hat and the books you can have the ball
too bad you can have the ball and 1 book
too bad i want the hat
no i want the hat and the books
you can give me either the hat and 3 books or the hat 2 books and 1 ball
okay deal
i only like hats
i can't read . i need the hat for the bad weather and i only have one leg so the ball is no good to me .
fine take the hat i will take the rest ,
nope
no you can have 2 books and the hat
thanks
i'd like the balls and the book and you can have the hats .
i have to have atleast one of the balls
i'm not willing to give both up , sorry .
i need atleast 1 ball or there is no deal .
ok , no deal .
i would like both balls and you have book and hats
i need both balls
i am not willing to give up both , i only need the bals
there is no deal then
you are sure sure right ?
i need the ball and the hats
whats about the ball 3
deal
i can offer the hats
i can offer the ball and 2 hats
sounds great ! deal !
i would like both balls and the hat , you can have the books .
deal !
and i have the books and the balls ?
okay agreed .
can i get the hat ?
yes .
i take book u take rest
deal
can you add me either a book or a hat ?
what value does that give you ?
the books give me six
no deal then
no deal
hi i would like the hats and books and you can have the balls
sorry thats the best i can do
7
looks like we wont reach a deal
no deal
ok
hi , i would like the book and you can have the rest
i like the books . so if i can have them and 1 hat i will be happy
ok
that sounds fair
hi . ill take the book and balls and you can have the hats
no . you can have the hats and 1 ball
thats the best i can do
nope
fine . no deal
ill take the book and a hat , u the rest .
nah
how about me the book , and you the rest ?
then no deal
ok
how about no . you can have 2 hats and 1 ball
no you get 2 hats and 1 ball
you get 2 hats and 2 balls my final offer you didnt even want the book to begin with .
i'll take the hats and balls .
2 hats 1 ball and one book .
i cannot accept .
deal !
i need the book and the hats
okay deal .
i will take 2 books and a hat , what do you want .
agreed
that would be fine .
i'd like one book , one hat , and one ball
great , thanks
i want everything .
ok , i will take the ball and book .
deal .
well , that's not going to work : )
i'll take the book and you can have the rest
you can have the book and balls
deal
i will take the book and 1 hat
deal
i need the hat , 2 books and the ball
great
you get 2 books
you get a ball and i get everything else
ok
well what will you give me ?
make it a ball and we have adeal
ball and a book
hello . you can have the ball . ill take the rest
deal
id like the book and 2 hats . you can have the rest .
how about you keep the book and i have all the hats and ball .
that is too much ! i cannot agree on that .
no , i cannot accept that as well . i need either the book and 2 hats or all hats and ball .
no deal .
i can not accept that deal . i need the book and the ball and you can have the hats
no , i need the ball as well as the book
if you aren't willing to accept that deal would you be willing to accept the deal if i get the hats and the ball and you get the book ?
i do not think we can agree on a deal then . i'm sorry . no deal .
no deal .
i really like that book .
you can have all the hats dude .
ok you can have it as long as i can have a n extra hat
i'll take the ball and 2 books nd you can have the hats
i cant use the hats
sounds good
i'd like the book , you can have everything else
deal
ill give you a hat for a ball
correct
deal
i would like the book and both hats .
so i'll take 1 book , 1 hat , and 1 ball then ?
deal .
if i can have the ball i will cede the rest
deal
okay
deal
okay , i'll take both basketballs and the hat
i would like 1 book and 1 hat
i'd like the ball and one hat
deal
iwant the ball thats it
thx
i need the hat and 1 book
sure
can i have 2 books and you can have the rest
i would like the books and another object group .
ok , deal .
i would like the hats and one ball
gimme hat
hat for me , all else for you
i need hat , or no deal can be had
i guess so
ok , deal
i'll take the hat and you can take all books and the ball .
deal
sounds good
i would like 3 basketballs , and you can have all the books and the hats
thanks
i can't give you the hat but you can take the balls .
unfortunately so do i . so we are at an impasse .
no deal
i can't give you the hat but you can take the balls and books if that is a better deal .
ok unfortunately no deal then .
can i get the hat and two balls
i need the hat
no deal then
agree
i can't make a deal with out the hat
i want the hat and you get everything else
deal .
balls are five for me
nah , sorry , i need all books and oneball
so you take hat and one ball
give me the balls and hat
give me one ball and the hat , and all books
ok
i need the book , a hat and the ball
i cant make that work . . . . . . i can do all the hats and the ball
ok
if i can have the book and the ball you can have the hats
i can not make that deal . if you want to split the difference i can take the book and two hats and you can have the ball and two hats
you can have three hats and the ball if that works for you
thank you .
deal
i need the books and you can have the rest
you can have the hats if i can have the book and ball ?
you can have the hats and the ball then , but im going to need that book .
i'll take the book and give you two hats .
deal
how about the books and the hat to me , the balls to you ?
could you trade a ball for a book or did you just want 2 books ?
ok , it's a deal
i will be happy with two books .
i don't need a ball at all . so just two books .
sorry that wont work for me . i would like the books , ball and 2 hats
i understand . no deal then
no deal
no deal
sorry no deal
hi , can i have one ball and 2 books ?
then i`ll get 0 . the hats are worthless to me
ok no deal , keep talking
no deal
how about i just take the ball and one book
i will give all the books for the hat and ball
i need the ball , you can have all the books
all the books but i need the hat an dthe ball
you cant have all the ball and the hat .
the hat and two books ok
sorry for taking so long ! um i need the ball too , sorry . you can have the hats and book if you want
i'd like all the hats and ball
ok
if i can have the hat and the ball you can have the books
i can not make a deal without getting both the hat and the ball .
okay no deal . i'm sorry .
no deal .
no deal .
i need the hat and two books please
then we have a no deal coming up
yeah
no
no
books and balls for me
one ball and one hat for you
and i get only the hat ? give me at least one more item
kinda low , but ok i`ll deal
sounds good
i'll take both balls
great you get the rest
how about you get two books
how about you get two books and one hat
no deal
one hat and two books for you
no deal
i really need the ball . . . how about i get the ball and one book ?
need the ball . . . no deals without the ball
so be it
as said , no ball for me no deal
ok , no deal
take the ball and a book
take the ball , last deal . only the ball . its the one with most worth over here
no deal .
or take the ball and a book then
okay no deal
if i can have the ball and the hats you can have the books
i need the ball and at least one hat
no deal .
no deal .
books are of no value to me . no deal .
how about you get 2 books and i get all the rest
deal
can i please have the books , you can have the rest
if i give up a book , i need a hat .
i will give you all the hats if i can have the book and ball
ok sounds fair !
i really need the book . i can give you the ball for sure . ball + two hats , i'll take book + 1 hat
i really need that ball . what do you want ?
and we split the books ?
hats .
you can have the books .
unfortunately , that will not work for me . if you take the hat i need everything else to even make a deal
no deal .
okay thank you .
i'll take the hat and balls , you can have the books
i could go hat and a ball
i'll take just the hat then
i can give both books but need 2 balls and the hats
i would like all the balls and one book
ok deal
can i get both books , the hat , and one basketball ?
how about the books and two basketballs ?
you can have the books and a basketball .
okay .
you can have all the balls
ok but keep talking . . .
i get the book and hats
ok deal
deal . you can have the rest .
i would also like a book .
yes , that's a good deal for me .
no how about you take the hats and i take the rest .
you can have 2 hats and 1 ball best i can do
then i guess you cannot make a deal then
i didnt click anything
well i didnt agree to anything
i would like the book . how about i take the book and 1 hat and 1 ball
i have to have the book
if i can't have the book , i can not make a deal
you click agreed , we did not agree
funny it showed up as saying you agreed
greetings ranger ! may i have a book ? i really like to read .
that makes me a sad zordon . i'd be happy to let you have the hats , as zordon i have no head . and the balls , because , well . . i have no hands to play with them .
hrm . . i don't think we are going to be able to come to a deal . i'm sorry ranger .
i will need at least one or two of those other objects to make a deal .
deal .
hi i would like the books and hats and you can have the balls
the best i can do is offer you the balls and 1 hat
thank you
i need the books and 1 hat
okay
you can have the books if i can have both hats and the ball .
the hat and basketball would work for me
no , i'm not giving up the ball
2 books and the hat to you , one book and the ball to me ?
very sure . the ball must be mine
ok
hi ! i'm a big reader , so i would really like the three books . would you like the basketball ?
actually , i was thinking it's not fair to take all of the books . i'll take 2 books and 1 basketball . you can have 1 hat and 1 book !
then i will need 3 books and 1 hat .
are you sure i can't have the ball ? how about i take the ball and 2 books .
then if the ball must be yours , i will need everything else , please .
thank you !
i would like the hat and the balls
ok
i would like the books and the hat .
okay we can do that .
i'd like the books and hats .
i need the books , too . how about you take the books , i'll take the hats and we split the balls ?
ok . deal !
you can have the hats i really need the books and balls
fine that work i guess
i want the book and two other items
but maybe you give me the book ?
are you sure ?
no deal then
the ball and 2 hats
i need the ball and 2 books
dont be selfish . i need the ball
then i get the rest , and you can have the ball
we would each get 5 / 10
what would you like
how about no , you take all books and i tajke the rest
ball is out
ball is five , i can't
never , only five ?
i don't trust you
i would like the hats and the book .
how about both hats ?
deal .
how about 1 hat and the book
so i get both balls and you get both hats and the book ? that works for me
1 of each
the only way i give you the book is if i get all else
ok
what would you like
i will give you the basketballs and 1 hat if i get the book
deal
ok deal
i keep hat you get eveyrthing else
well you can have the hats and one book
what if i give you two hats and three books ?
you can have only the ball
okay is a deal
if i can have the hats and the ball you can have the books
i need the ball or no deal
no deal . i need the ball and one hat .
okay deal .
hello . how about i get the books and the hat and you can have the balls ?
ok , that works .
hi
no deal ill take the hat and the balls
okay deal
i need the book and the balls
that's not worth it to me . i need the hat and at least three of the other ones or no deal
yeah
it's not a fair deal to me . . . i need the hat and three balls
i can also take the hat , two books and one ball
i would like both hats and you can have the rest .
sorry , i can't give up any hats on my side .
doesnt work for me . ill give you the books and the hat
how bout i give you just the ball
well then no deal
yes sorry about that no deal
yes too bad
i'll take the ball and books , you can have the rest
i can only go one book and one ball
to low a score
ok , no deal
same here
ball and hat to me
ball to me or no deal
agreed
yes
yes
i will agree to the hat and one book for myself .
no , however , i will accept 2 books and 2 balls .
hello , i would like 2 balls and 2 books please
would you exchange 2 balls for the hat ?
deal
i will give you 1 ball and 1 book and gladly keep all the hats
wait a minute . . . . .
i keep all the hats and give you 1 gall and 1 book i want all your hats
hello there ! i'd like the ball and the book , you can keep all 4 hats . deal ?
sounds like a deal , then !
yes ?
i will take one of each if possible
deal
i need the books you can have the rest
great
hello
i believe that i can agree to that .
i would like the book and the balls and you can have the hats
okay great ! thank you !
i need 2 balls
ok deal
i'd like the three balls . you can have the rest .
you can have the book the hat and one ball .
i only want the ball
you take the rest of the stuff and i get the ball . thank you
ok i am cool with that
i would like the ball and hat you can have all the books
you can have the hat and i get the ball , lets discuss the books
that will be fine i suppose
i would really like the hat a 1 book if you can take the rest
okay , can i have 1 book and you can have 2 ?
it is a deal then , thank you
you take the books , i take the hats and the ball
i can't do that i have to have both hats and the ball
i need the books and balls
how about books and one ball
guess we have to click on the no deal button then
yup
yes , but the hats have zero value
6 / 10 is too low . . . . . 7 / 10 is safe
same number . . . . . . the hats have zero value
you can have the books , but the balls no
no deal still
yap
dont your books have any value ?
so why cant i have the balls and the hats then ?
can i have the balls only then ?
i need three items to make this work .
deal
hi , i would like the hats and ball and you can have the book
ok , how about the book and 2 hats ?
i'll take the hat and ball you can have thr books
okay
and i can have the rest ? deal .
i would like the ball and 1 hat
how about i take all the books and you take the rest ?
how about i get two books and the hat and you get the rest ?
ok , deal .
you can have two books
you can have one book and one ball
how about i take the hat and the balls
can i have just the books ?
deal
ok , deal
no deal . i need the book and one ball .
i need the book or i can not make a deal .
yes , deal . thank you .
can i get 2 hats , 1 ball , and the book .
no deal i need the book .
you take the book , i get the rest ?
i'd like all the basketballs
what about 1 basketball and 1 hat ?
sounds good
i can give 1 basketball and 1 book
you know what , i'll take your 1 st offer , i'll give you the balls
i will keep the hat , ball and 1 book .
that would not work . how about the hat and one book ?
ok i'll keep the hat and ball then and you can keep the books . you run a hard bargain .
hi there . i'd like to take all of the books .
how about the ball and one book ?
i don't need a ball for anything .
great , you got a deal .
the hat and 2 balls for me
i take the hat and leave you the rest
how about i take the hat and the two books and you can have all of the balls ?
ok
hey i like the hats and the balls , couldn't dream of parting with any
i want both balls and a hat
no deal
i dont want this book
i want both hats and a ball
how about i take the book , one hat and one ball ?
no deal , you can have the two balls if you want . and i`ll take the book and two hats
2 balls and the book . and i`ll take 2 hats
then give me the book and 2 hats , and you can have the 2 balls
it`s not worth , just let me have them and we can move on . one book and 2 hats , or one of each (you said you don`t want the book)
i'd like the hat and the book
you can have the balls and the book
i'd like the balls and the hat
ok
id like the book , and both hats
care to counter . . . its not my job
no . . . i need the book and can live with one hat . . . both balls and a hat to you
no deal
i want one of each
deal
how about i take both basketballs and you have the rest ?
let's go 50 / 50 . . . i want two books and one ball
kool . good deal .
sounds good ! thanks
you get the balls i get the rest
i just want the hats
no sorry , i want two hats and one ball
perfect
you can have two hats and i can get the rest ?
that won't work for me . you can have the hats and i'll take everything else if that works for you
you can have all of the books . i need the hat and the ball
i'd like the books and hat
ok deal
i need the ball and two hats
yep
that means i get the book and 1 hat .
deal
gimme hat , you have rest
deal .
can you take the two hats instead of the book ?
i'd like the book , and one ball
yep , deal
no way , i want the hat and 1 ball , you can have the rest .
fine , i will agree to 4 balls and a book . agreed ?
i want the hat the rest you can have
cant do that i need the hat rest is yours
yes
hi ! how about i keep the hats , and you take the balls and the book ?
sounds fair
i need the hat . would you be able to give me the hat and two balls and you can have the rest ?
thank you !
what if i take the book and the hat and you can have all the balls
ok
gimme balls
you can have all the balls if i get the hat and the book
i need book , and one hat , and one ball
i need the book and two hats
i can give you both balls and a hat , but i need the book and a hat to make a deal
i would like the book and ball you can have 3 hats
deal
no i want the hat and 2 books or 2 balls
okay deal
i can give you all the balls if i get the rest .
you can have the hat and two balls if i get all the books
i'll take the hat and basketball .
i agree .
i will give you both hats if you give me both balls
deal
i'll take the ball , the rest to you
i can't give up the hat .
so do i . i absolutely will not make a deal if i don't get the hat .
ok no deal
no deal
no how
i'll take the hat abd both books
i need the hat .
okay no deal
no deal
no way
i'll take the hats , you keep the book and the ball ?
would lose points with that . i assume ball and book are high value to me , so i went with a compromise .
i'll take three hats and either the book or ball if you'd like a hat , otherwise ; i would need all 4 hats to be fair .
sounds fair . thank you ! i agree .
i'd like the book and the ball for sure . what do you want ?
could i also get one hat ?
i'm also compromising and losing points .
okay , i'm taking book and ball . you get all hats .
you can have the balls if i can have the rest
i cannot give up the book either
no deal
no deal then
ok
can't give up the book . you can have all of the hats though
i will give you all of the balls and the hats
i can't leave without the book
no deal
how does the no deal button appear ?
how about you take the hat and 1 book
deal
i would like the hat and the ball .
deal .
i want a ball a hat and a book
how about i give you a ball and the books
gimme books and hat
ok
can i have the ball and 1 book
great , thanks
i'd like 4 books , 1 ball and 1 hat . deal ?
yes , that works .
hi
ill give you the basketballs if you give me the hat
okay
yes
hello
ok can i have the book too ?
deal so you get the hat and i get the book and the basketballs ?
agreed !
that is too much , i need both books , how about you get one ball and one hat .
fine , i guess that will have to do .
hi there i would like to keep the basketball and at least 1 book
you get both books and i'll take the ball and both hats
thanks , that is a deal !
both hats and 2 books for me , 2 books and ball for you
split the hats or no deal
3 books and one hat to me or no deal
can i have the ball and one hat ?
no , 2 hats for me and the ball . don`t want the books
if i give you one hat , i need 2 books
ok , take 3 books and one hat
if i can have everything else you can have the hats . would that work for you ?
okay ! thank you !
i could use the hats
yes it would
i think we might both be in the same boat
that's not going to work for me , what's more valuable to you the hat or the book ? maybe we can each get one then split the bballs ?
i'll give you the book and 2 balls
hey , the book and the hat are very important to me
do you want all the basketballs and i keep the hat and book ?
i keep the book and all the balls then ?
ok
ok
i'd like the book and two balls . you can have both hats .
so it's a deal ?
i want the hats .
yeah .
what would you like
and i get the rest ? deal
how about i have books and hat and you have the 3 balls ?
ok , i will take the books and you can have the rest .
i'd like balls and hat and you can have books . deal ?
i really need the hat to go with the balls
deal .
i would like the book and all 3 balls .
would you take both hats instead ?
ok , that will work .
i would like the book too .
no . how about i give you the 3 balls and 1 hat . i keep the book and 1 hat .
what would you like
one ball and all hats
only hats then
the hats and a ball
i want both hats
ok
i can not make that deal . you can have the hat if i can have all of the balls and books
okay thank you !
can i have the hate and 1 ball .
okay .
deal
i keep the book you get the rest
deal
i just want the book and balls and you can have all of the hats
unfortunately i cannot give up the balls , but i will compromise and give you the book and hats and i will jsut take the balls
deal !
really close on a deal . you can have the book i want the hats and 1 ball .
i will give you the book and balls . i will take the 2 hats then .
deal
ok
if i can have the hats you can have everything else .
i would like the ball , the book and 1 hat
no i need the ball and the hats
i could give you the ball but then i need everything else
you can have two hats
how about you take all the hats and i take everything else
i need the ball or we cant make a deal .
deal
ok
i would like one book and the ball
okay
which item is worth the most to you ?
how about i give you the book and i get the rest .
you can have one book and one basketball
the book
how about i also keep my basketball ?
deal
if i get the ball , i need one book
i'd like the hat and books .
ok deal
you can have the balls but , i need the hats and the books
deal ?
i want the balls and hats
ok
give me balls and books
give me all balls and hats
deal
i would like one book and 2 balls
i would like 2 hats and 1 book
what do you want ?
ok
the books
ok
no you can have all the books
yeah no
no
no deal
no deal
you can have the books .
i will take the hat and the books .
then i will take the hat and one book .
no deal
that's too bad .
i want one of each .
would you be willing to let me have the hat too ?
ok .
how about you take all 4 books and i take ball and hat ?
that just leaves me with 1 item , i'd prefer to keep both to score some points .
thanks !
alright
i'd like the hat and book ; you keep all the balls
i'd like the ball .
yes .
i get books and hat ?
ok
if i can have the hat , you can have the rest
ok deal
how about i get 3 hats , you get the rest ?
deal
if i can get the book and hat you can have the balls
i have to have the book
you can have the hat and the balls
i'll take the balls , but you gotta give me the book .
then i'll take the hat or take only 3 balls and the book .
okay !
i need ball and books
how much is ball to you
same , so ball and hat to me , books to you ?
hmmmm . ill throw in a free ticket to taylor swift concert
i would like the hat and basketball
i really need the basketball too
2
um , no . not even close
i'll take hat and a book
no can do , i need book and two bals
one ball for me at least
ok you can have it
if i can have the book and the balls you can have the hats
i can not make that deal . i need the balls and you can have the rest ?
i can not make that deal . i need both .
okay thank you ! so i get the balls and you get everything else
you can have all the books and i keep the rest
can i have the hat ?
sure
i want all the balls you take rest
deal
okay .
deal
i'd like the hat and ball , and you can have all three books .
you take the books and i take the hats and the ball
then you should counter offer
i have to have the ball and at least 1 hat
i have to have the ball or no deal
no deal
never
you get one book and one hat
ok how about you take two books and one hat
no deal
ok then click no deal
i'd like the book the hat and two balls .
ok . i take the hat and the book .
no deal , i want the 3 balls you can have the rest
i will take 3 balls you have remaining , good deal
you can have the balls . i'll take the hat and one book .
yes . both balls are yours . i'd like all the hats and one book .
i'd like the balls and book , you can have the hats
i need both balls and books to get over half
ok deal
if i can have the hat and ball you can have all four books .
ball and three books for me then .
i'd like hat and 2 books .
i have to have the hat . it's 6 points for me .
deal .
how about i have 1 ball , and the hats
how about 2 balls for me , and you can have the rest
how about i get two hats , and 1 book
thanks
i'd like balls and book please . you can have all hats .
sorry , i need all balls and books if i give you all hats
no deal , i need the balls .
i can work with that .
i also would like one of each also so lets work something out .
alright .
i want one of each
how about i get one ball and one hat
you keep the books , i take the balls and the hat ?
and what do you propose ?
well there is only one hat . i am ok with giving you all of the books , but in fairness i believe i'm deserving of the hat since i'm only getting two balls . any chance we can agree to two balls and 1 hat and you keep all the books ?
great !
no deal
i keep the books and take one hat
deal
what would you like ?
sounds good so i get two books and the basketball ?
two books and a hat or basketball ?
sure
i have a feeling that ball is really important to you , isn't it ?
how about i get both books and one hat .
gimme the ball and hats
the hats are quite good to me
ok
hey
could i have the books and you have the hats
ok
no thanks
id rather you get the books and ill keep the rest then
hi
no way !
i would like the books . you can have the rest .
i'll take the books and the hats . you take the basketball .
fair enough .
i'd be happy with both the balls .
and 1 hat
i'll take both of em if i have to . . .
that's fair .
how about a book and one ball for you
thats pushing it
i ll take both hats and one ball and you get the rest
i need ball or no deal
agreed
si
yup
agreed , sometimes it stalls very early , legit
i will take the books and the ball .
no deal then
yes , no deal
wee
a waste of time , please give them feedback about the no deal button
i would like the hat and 2 balls
ok deal
ok deal
can i have 2 hats and 2 books ?
okay !
hey , i'll take the hats and the book , you can have the balls ?
can i have the hat and the book you can have all 3 balls
i'll take the book and 2 balls ?
i also need the hat and one ball atleast
ok ill take hat and one ball
i would like 3 books and 1 hats
how about i take 2 books and 2 hats
than i want 1 book and 2 hats
k deal
can have two books and a ball ?
that ain't happening my friend .
take a book and either the hat or ball
okay
deal
deal .
i'll give you 1 book and a hat
what kind of deal are you looking for ?
i want at least one ball and both hats
ok
i would like the basketballs and hats . you can have the books
how about we each get one of each
ok you take all balls and i keep the rest
you take one book and two balls
no thanks . i want the book and 3 balls
okay deal
deal !
hi there . id like the balls , you can have everything else
hi
well i need one of each .
well how about i take a book and a ball and you have the rest ?
hello , i need 2 hats and the book
no deal perhaps ?
ok
i need the ball but i will give you the hat and a book
then i would be way too little . i will take all the books and a hat
yes
if i can have the ball and the hats , you can have the books
if i can not have the ball then i need all of the hats and books
okay you are going to take the books and one hat ?
okay great !
you take one book and two balls and i get the rest
ok ball
two balls and one book right ?
ok so last one , i get hats and what else
and i keep one book then
i'd like the basketball and book if you want the hats
thanks , deal
deal .
i want the hat and book
no , my first offer is the best i can do
can you take two balls and the hat ?
ok deal
i need two books and a ball
can i have one books and all the balls
1 book and 2 balls for each . who gets the hat ?
so you get one ball and one hat
i would like the ball and 2 books .
i cannot give up the ball
i can't do that .
okay
i think we have to keep talking and it will eventually show up ?
so now you just want the hat ?
i'll take the ball and hat . you can have the books .
me either . i'll take the ball . you take everything else .
this will have to be no deal
i cant hit it
i'll just take one hat .
give me hat and books
what would you like
hat and ball for you
the hat and the ball , or the hat and two books
works for me ! deal
how about i keep the book and the balls , and you can have the hats ?
sure !
can't do that deal . how about i take the book and two hats . you can have the rest ?
agreed !
okay and i can give you 2 book 2 ball
i can give you a ball and book
i only have 1 book and 1 ball but deal
i really want at least one ball and one book
i need at least one of the balls
if i get both of the balls i can give up the books
that's not good for me
fine
i would like the balls and at least 1 book please
you can have all of the books if i get both balls
if i give you 1 ball then i would need all of the books
if i get both balls you can have everything else
my last offer i take 1 ball , 2 books and 1 hat
take my ball i will keep the rest
i will take the book , but i want either 1 hat or 1 ball .
deal .
i want two balls and two hats . you can have the book .
you can have one book , and one hat .
deal .
i'd like the hat , and one book . you can have the rest
sweet
can i have the ball and 2 books and 1 hat
i can give you the ball and 1 book , i take the rest
ok one book
thank you
i would just like the book you can have the rest
deal
yeah that wont work for me . how about i get 2 hats and the book and you can have the ball and 1 hat
throw in another hat and you got a deal
deal
i can offer 2 hats
i can offer the book and 1 hat
i can offer all 3 hats
i take book and ball you take hats
deal
no deal i will take the book and 1 hat you can have 2 hats and the basketball
hats and balls
hello , is there anything you are particularly interested in ?
alright hats and balls for you , books for me .
you can get all balls and one hat
yeah lets talk till the no deal shows up
no deal
no deal
ni deal
hi , i need the book and 3 hats
no , not worth . i want the book and 3 hats or 3 balls
no deal
no deal
no deal
how about i take the ball and a hat , you get the rest
deal
what if i get two books and the ball ?
okay deal
hi ill take the hat and book and you can have the balls
take the book and balls . ill keep the hat
if you want the book ; i'd need to take everything else - otherwise i need the book . do you have another offer ?
sounds fair to me . deal
i want the book and the hats . you can have the balls .
so do i
how about i take the book and one hat . you can have the rest
hi , i would like to keep the book and balls and give you all the hats
i really need the book
what if i take 2 hats and both balls ?
ok thanks
i need hat . you can have rest .
then you take . i'll take the rest .
one of each for me ?
i need hat , bald .
deal
you can have the book and a hat if i get the rest
okay , if i get one ball and two hats
i need book and one ball
ok
i would like the books and hat
hat to me , you have all else
i would like the book and the hat .
i accept .
i cant accept that . i would like the book and 1 ball . you can have the rest
ok , thanks
hey i'd like to grab all three books if i may
you're saying you want just a single book ? i can take the ball and two books ?
so you want me to take two books and you get ball + hat + 1 book
only the books have points . . . i need at least one book and take the hat and ball
no , one of each , you can have 2 books , i think there are many points there .
if it`s ok with you . if not , no deal no problem
what would you like ?
you can have the ball and 2 hats
the ball and the hats
okay deal
i need the book and ball to make 6 / 10
i want two hats and a book .
take them . but give me all the hats .
sounds fair
so i get 1 book , two of the hats ?
ok
there's only 1 hat ? i'll take books . you can have the rest .
i'll take 2 books and the hat .
a need two hats and a balls , please
so you want all the books ? why don't we split the in half . it's only fair
you can have three books . i always wanted the hat from the beginning
book and hat for me you get all 3 balls .
the book and ball are at zero for me and the hat 1
deal
i would like the baskeballs and the hat you can have the book
i will take the basketballs and the book you can have the hat
hmm . i want the book and 3 of the balls .
i need the book . you can have the hat and all the balls .
i can't accept any deal that doesn't include the book in my package .
agreed .
i want the book and the hat and you can have all of the balls .
i have to have the book . let's negotiate on the other stuff .
alright , alright - you can have the book . i will take all the rest .
if i can have the hat and the books you can have the balls
okay deal .
no deal . i want the books and the balls
the balls are only one point to me . but i guess i can take 4 balls , 1 hat
you can have all the basket balls . can i have the book and at least one hat ?
okay
that works for me .
hi ! how about you take all the books , and i get the balls and the hat ?
no thanks . how about you get all hats and i keep the rest ?
the book is worth a lot to me too . how about you get the book and i keep the rest ?
i'd like book and 1 hat ?
i have to have the book . it's 6 points for me .
deal .
what do you suggest we do here ?
how about you take just the hat and i take everything else
you can have one book and the hat then
i need all the balls and a book or both books and one ball
the only two options i can offer you are giving me one book and two balls or one ball and two books
ok
i would love the ball you can have the rest
i'd like one hat and and all the balls
deal
what about just the balls ?
perfect ! so i get the two hats and the book and you get the balls
can you take two books and give one of the balls to me ?
i'll take the balls and a book if you can do the rest
i can make that work
hello . i need the basketball or no deal . a hat would be nice too .
okay deal .
you can have the basketball but i need everything else
i'll give a hat and both books
that will work
i would like the ball and the book and you can have all three hats for your wardrobe : )
ok you have the ball and i will take the rest . going to a rodeo next weekend !
ok i can part with one hat
i don't reall need the hats that much . that ball though , i crave it
i could use one hat though . so one ball and one hat for me ?
i need 3 hats and the ball
i need 2 hats , the book and the ball then
turkey on rye . and all 3 balls , you take rest
2 balls and book
3 balls to me
what would you like
two balls for you , i like ham and cheese
nah lets agree on the first offer
yes
i would like the hat and the book .
if you take the hat i will need everything else .
and so would i , ill give up the book if i get the hat
thats fine agreed
i need the books and 1 hat
deal
great
you can have the books but i need the hats and the ball
great ! thank you !
what would you like
no can do ,
no deal
yup
nope
the book and 2 hats
no deals
yup
agreed
agreed
i need the book and nothing else
need teh book and ball
ok
could i have the two hats please you can have the rest
sure !
i need hat and a ball
i need hat , or deal can't be made
i'll take the hat and 2 balls
okay
i get the book , the hat , and one ball .
you can have the hat and one ball
deal , thanks .
sure , if i get the books
i would like the basketball
that will work . can i have 2 hats ?
i would like the balls and the hat .
how about the books and the hat ?
ok , i agree to your previous offer then .
i would like the books and one ball
i don't need the hat . you can have it
give me balls and book please
i can give you one ball and one hat
deal
gimme balls , you take rest
gimme book an ball
i'm going to ignore that nonesense and let you try again .
o'
ya , you go ahead and take two hats and a ball .
i want both hats and two books and one ball
ill take two hats and one of any one other item that you choose
do we have a deal ?
i want both basketballs and one hat , and you can have the rest .
cool . so you get 1 hat and two books .
both hats and books to me
ok
deal
i would like the hat and two balls .
okay , deal . the two balls and three books for me , the hat for you .
all i really want is the hat . you can have the rest , including the two ball
gracias !
i'll take the ball and books you can have the hats
yes
can i have one of the books ?
i'd like one of each . thoughts ?
i assume the ball rings in your highest value ; any chance i can take everything else besides the ball since its also my highest valued item .
which means books are useless to you . . . and there's really no way for a happy medium . . lol - - i'll go ahead and concede . i'll take the books and 1 hat .
if i could have the ball and just one hat i can easily part with all three books and the other hat .
its high not that high , ball and a hat brings me out to 7
well i tip your concede hat to you sir , thank you .
deal
can i have the book , you can have the rest ?
could i get 2 ball 1 hat
okay deal
i see only 1 ball , i would like the ball and one book , you can have the rest .
okay so you get 1 book and 3 hats , i get one ball and 1 book .
i'd like balls . you can have the rest .
fine with me .
okay only if we can for a little bit longer i dont like getting the message that i give up too easy
okay yes you will take the 2 ball and i will take the rest is that fine ?
ok
i need the ball you can have the rest
great , thanks
can i have at least one ball ? you can have one ball and one hat
can i have balls ? you can have the rest .
ok
what would you like
ball and one hat
gimme ball and books
ok
you can have the book but i need the rest .
ok . i keep two hats and the ball .
can i have the book and one hat ?
i'll take the hat and both books
deal .
deal
the hat and two balls for me to even get to 6
okay
i think it's fair if i take one book and one ball . the rest is yours
sounds good , deal
i'll take the hats you can have everything else
two books and a ball for me
i need one book to go with my balls
id like the hat and the books , balls to you
ok . . . done
i just want the hat and you can have the rest .
thanks !
ok deal
i need one of each
if i get everything else , you can have the book
that doesn't work for me point wise , i need the rest , or the book and one hat
no , i need the book and and a hat , or two hats and two balls
okay
i'd like 1 of each please
thanks .
i want the book and the hat . i can offer you 3 balls .
i would like a book , and two balls .
i can agree to that .
i want book and 1 hat
ok
i'll take the book . you can have the rest .
deal .
1 book for 2 balls
1 book for 1 ball then
ok deal
hello . i would like all of the books .
there's only one ball isn't there ?
i get two books and you get the ball . you can have the hats too .
nope want the book and at least one hat
you can have the book and i take everything else
then no deal
no deal
no deal button not working do you have number to get selected ?
you take the balls i will take the hats and the book
no deal then
nope , i need the book and at least 1 hat
no deal
no deal
i'd like the hats and books , you take the balls
deal
okay
if i can have the hat and the balls you can have the books
i can not give up the hat . i need the hat and one ball and you can have the two books and one ball if that will work for you
okay so you get the books and one ball ?
okay great ! thank you !
i just need the hat and 1 book
i'll take the books and the ball and you get the hat
deal
hello , i'd like the hats and the books ; are the balls of value to you ?
that's fair enough . deal
i'd like the hats
deal
take them . and i will take the rest .
what would you like
i will take the ball and 1 hat . you get the rest
i would like the ball and the books
ok deal
how does this deal sound ? i'll take all the hats and you get the rest ?
sounds good
what if i take a hat and both books and you can have all of the balls
so you agree that i get the books and hat and you get all the balls (last guy submitted something different)
i really don't care at this point . sounds good to me .
i'll give you 2 books and 1 ball
cool
ill take the books and the hats you can have the ball
no . you can have 1 hat and 1 ball
how about just 2 hats ?
how about 1 hat and 1 ball ?
how about just 1 ball ?
ill give you 1 book only
one book and one ball
one book only
one book only last offer .
greedy no deal you get nothing
no you got too greedy the most you will get is one book now
no you get one book only or i will clik on the no deal button .
no deal
i really like books and thoses hats would look great on me so i would like one hat
i would like one book and one hat
how about one book and one hat
one hat one book
one hat one book
one hat one book
one book one hat
one book one hat one ball
ill take one book two hats thanks
one book one hat
that leaves you one book two hats and a ball . i'll take one book one hat . thanks .
great , i'll take one book one hat
i want 2 hats and 1 book you can have both basketballs
i would like the balls and something else .
deal .
fine deal
you can have the hats if i can have the ball and books
i would like the hat and the ball .
how about you give me just the ball and take everything else ?
how about you get the hat and a book instead ?
you've got a deal .
give me hat and books
deal
ill give you the hat and all of the balls
i need the books and the ball .
deal .
what would you like
how about being fair , you take all books and i keep the rest
deal
hey , i really just want the hat
yes
i'll take the rest , you keep the hat ?
i need the ball , can be flexible on the rst
gimme the balls and a hat
give me one ball and both hats
one ball
ok
i need the book and one hat , you can have the rest
ok , it's fine . i'll just take hats
i want the ball and book , i'll give you the hats
i really dont care about the hats
i would like the ball and 2 hats
only if i get the rest
ball must be mine
ok deal
what would you like
that doesnt work for me
i need the hat and 2 books . you can take the ball
deal
if i can have all of the books you can have the hat and the ball
what if i take 3 books and the ball and you take the hat and a book
okay i will take two books and the ball and you can take two books and the hat .
i would like 4 books please
nice making a deal with you
deal
i just need the balls , please
i would like the ball and books please
ball is 7 points for me sorry cant let it go
no deal
no
no
i have to have ball . 6 points for me . you can have everything else .
okay . let's just chat till we can no deal it .
nada .
ne
this is stupid .
i get the book and you get 2 hats
you get the ball with 2 hats
i keep the hats and book you get the ball
i keep the book you get evertyhing else
no deal
i need the book and ball or it's notworth it to me
hats are worthless to me
i need the book and ball
alas , not going to work , we'll have to do no deal
no deal
give me the books and the hat , you can have the ball ?
i'll just take all the books and the hat .
how about 2 books and the ball to me ?
i'll just take the ball with 1 books , you can have 3 books and the hat .
i can't give you the ball , but i can give you all the books and the hat .
i only have 4 books , 1 hat , 1 ball
how many of each item do you want ?
i'll give you 3 books and , in exchnage , i want 2 balls
naw . let's try 2 books and 1 hat for you and 1 ball and 1 hat for me ?
no dice . how about 1 ball and 1 hat for you . i want 1 hat and 1 ball .
no . i want at least 1 ball and 1 hat . what is the best you can offer me ?
i'd like 1 of the books . you can have the rest .
i'd still like 1 of the books and maybe 1 hat now .
deal !
how about i give you two hats and i get the rest ?
ok . i'll take 3 hats , 1 basketball . you get 1 book , 1 hat . deal ?
deal
i need the ball , rest to you
give me the balls and book , you get rest
deal
you can keep the book . i'll have the rest .
how about you keep 1 ball and the book ?
i want 2 hats and 2 balls .
how about 3 hats 1 ball ?
yes
i'd like 1 of each
negative
i get 1 book 1 ball ?
ok
i need the hat please , you can have the balls and books
agreed
can't do that . how about i get the ball and the hat .
what about the ball and all of the books ?
okay , i'll take the ball and one book
one of each
no deal
i want the hat and two books
deal
you can have the book and basketballs and i'll take the hat , how about that
hi want to split the hat and book ?
that works
if i can have the balls you can have the hats and the book
would you be willing to part with one of each item ?
that won't work for me . in order for this to work for me i need both balls or one of each item . otherwise i won't have any points at all .
okay so no deal . i'm sorry .
we have to continue our conversation until it comes up
i need one of the balls , but you can have a book
i can split the hats and balls , but i'd need the book
well , that's what i need . so i think we're at no deal , or both end up with 5 points
i think i need to submit to get no deal highlighted
ooh , never noticed
what if i get the hat and the ball , and you take the books ?
i need the hat too .
yeah i have to have the hat or it's a no deal for me too .
yeah no deal
so does my horse
i want the books and hat
no , i need the hat
its going to be no deal without the hat
looks like a no deal
but my horse needs that hat
and my grandma also needs a hat
love two hats and a ball .
alright , down the middle then ? one of each ?
ditto . better than nothing !
books no good to you ? i'd like a ball and a hat . : )
works for me . ugly score , but its fair . : )
i'd like the balls .
okay , i get the rest
hi , i need 3 books and 2 hats
how about i take 3 books and you take the rest ?
that will leave me with value three
deal
you can have all of the books . i don't need them .
yep , just the ball is ok , for me
id like the hat and two books , the ball and a book for you
ok , but the hat is crucial for me , so can you live with just the ball
can't make a deal without the book . worth 7 for me .
yes
if i could have 2 hats and a book ?
alright well if i can have all the hats and a ball .
deal .
i'll take the balls and hat if you want the books
hey , i give you the books for a hat and ball for mysel
i dont care for them either
the books mean 0 to me
i get ball and 1 book you get the rest
i will need at least three hats .
ok , that works .
give me the hats and ball
well lets make it half - half two each of us and you can take the books and i will take the ball
i'd like two books and two balls please .
can't lose all the books . need at least one , and the balls . your can take 2 books and the hat .
i'll give you two balls but , i would like three books in return
okay , i'll take two books and the hat and you get one book and two balls ?
books are 0 for me . i can 1 hat and 1 ball or just 2 balls .
i'll take the hat and balls if you want the books
i'll take books and hat
okay , that sounds good . so i will take the book and the basketballs .
hello , if you give me the 3 hats , you can have everything else
perfect !
i keep the hat you get the rest
sorry no deal
me neithe
no deal
no deal
i need the hat and the book .
no worries . i can't give up the hat .
no deal .
agreed .
agreed .
what would you like
how about you keep all books and i keep the rest
never
no can do
no
the ball and two books .
no . what if i get the ball and hat ?
what if i get the ball and one book ?
what if i take the ball and you take the rest ?
i need the ball or there is no deal
what would you like
i will take the book and 2 other objects of your choice
sounds good
it all looks good , especially the hat and somewhat the book
you take the book and 2 balls and i'll take the hat and 2 balls
hi , i'll take the hat , ball and 2 books .
i'll give you all the books but i can't give you the hat or the ball
i'll give you the ball and 2 books and i take the hat and two books .
sorry , that's not going to happen .
i'd like the hat and one book . you''ll have ball and 3 books .
either the hat and book or ball and all books .
no that's bad . just give me the hat .
if i can have all of the hats and one ball you can have the book and a ball
okay great !
ok
if i can have the hat and the ball you can have the books
i need the hat you can have the books and the ball
then no deal , i can not make a deal without the hat
okay no deal . sorry .
no deal .
no can do , i need hat and three books
no deal
neither can i
sorry
you have to click on no deal
deal .
i must have the hats . . . i can cede the books and the ball
ill take the hats and balls .
no but i'll take one of each .
no deal it is .
no deal .
no deal
sorry i need those . how about i keep the hats and 1 ball and you can have the other ball and book
sorry , i need both hats to make a deal
ok , no deal
no deal
no deal
you can have the book
just the book ?
okay you take the book ill take the rest
i'll would rather take the ball . but i will settle with the book .
yes , i don't need a hat .
do you want the books and the hat ?
well , i will do what you need i suppose , but the ball is literally the only one worth any value to me . 10 for that one : (
you are very sweet , i appreciate your kindness good sir .
i want one book and one ball and one hat .
let's do the book and the hats for me . i'll give you the ball .
what if i take the books and we split up the hat and balls
actually i wanted both books and will split the rest however you want
that won't work for me . i will only take just 1 book if i also get a hat and 2 balls
in that case i want 1 book and 2 balls
done
that's actually the same offer i wanted to propose to you . i assume our values are similar . how about we split it right down the middle ? we each get a book and split the rest ?
i understand you want both books , but i won't part with both . i'll take 1 book , two balls ; you take 1 book 1 hat 1 ball .
again , i'm going for fair or no deal . 3 items each , 1 of them being a book .
i can atleast agree to that . deal
what would you like
i'll take the ball but don't need any hats since i am a geek . i will split the books
i was born with pigeon toes so i don't need the ball but i could use the books and hats .
deal i will give you ball and 1 book .
i get the hat you get the rest
no deal
the hat is only worth 2 points for me the book
noooooo deal . i want the hat .
hit no deal agreed then please .
if i can have the book and the hat you can have the balls
no deal . i need the hat as well . i will accept the hat and the balls you can have the book
since we both need the same item i do not think we will be able to make a deal
if you need the book you can have the book but , i need everything else
i need the hat or i can not make a deal
give me the book and one hat .
deal .
if i can have the hats and the balls you can have the book
you can have the book and one ball
great thank you !
i'd like one book and two hats please
deal
well that's funny because i'd like 1 book and 2 balls .
deal
i would like the ball and one hat
okay , i'll take the hats , rest to you
i want the ball and 2 books
ok
books and hats and balls : x
1 ball then
ok what do you want
i need hats and one other of your choosing
perfect , deal
i'd love to have the ball and the book
deal
i would like the hat and the book .
hi there , give me the hat and you can take the rest .
cool : )
sounds good , thanks !
ill give you the books for a ball
deal
the books are of no value to me , so i don't care about them . definitely would love both the hats .
what about the ball ?
can i have the book and 3 balls .
deal
is there any way i could have the hats and book and you take the balls ?
sorry , i can give you one hat and 2 balls
then i give you 2 balls and one book
2 balls and 2 books please
hat is of no use to me
done deal
ok
hey i want the balls and the book
you can take the books too . i'll just take my two balls
i would like 2 hats and you can have the rest .
sure you can have your balls
i'd rather have the three hats and the ball
ok , i'll take the three hats and you can have the rest .
i'll take the ball and the books you take the three hats ? thoughts ?
that's a pretty unfair agreement in points distribution and quantity of items . i'll do ball and two books or 1 of each (ball , book , hat) .
i get hats you get books and ball
its a deal
okay . deal or no deal to above
deal
k
i can only take 1 book
i get 1 book no hats and 1 ball
hello . i would like the book and 2 hats .
i can do one hat and the obok
that wont work for me . i need the hats and 2 balls
ok
i need book and 1 hat
gimme ball and book
deal
i need the hats and the ball . you can have both books .
i can't give up the ball . you can have 2 books and 1 hat .
i can't give up the ball . i'll take the ball and two books you can take both hats .
ok i need both hats and a book then . you can have the ball and a book .
no deal . i at least need the ball and a hat , or both hats and a book .
agreed no deal .
i need a book , a hat and the ball .
i can't give up the hat and the ball .
i will not agree to that deal .
no deal , i want a book , a hat and a ball .
then i guess we have no deal .
i would like the balls and another object .
i agree to that .
can i please hat the hat and book
no , i'll take 2 books and 1 hat .
no , i'll take 2 hats and 1 book .
i'll take 2 books and 1 hat .
how about 1 ball , 2 hats and 2 books ?
how about 1 book and 1 hat , i get the rest .
i need a hat . i need one hat , one ball , and one book to make it a deal
fine
you can have the hats but i need the book and the ball
okay deal . thank you !
i'll take all three hats and a ball
okay
i would like the balls and book
sorry , i need the balls and book
ok , no deal
no deal
the best i can do is to keep the balls and give you the rest
what would you like
how about one hat and one book
no deal
no deal
how about book and two hats
i will the ball and 1 book you get the rest
no you can have the hat and 3 books but i want the ball
hello , which items would you prefer ?
can i have the hat and the ball ?
okay i will take the hat and 3 books then , thanks .
give me the ball . you can keep the rest .
okay , i'll take the ball and 2 hats , deal ?
i will take the book and 2 hats
yes deal
okay deal .
gimme hat and two books
i also want the ball , but i want the ball and the book .
the only way i can give up the ball is if i take all the hats and the book
i can't do that deal
i don't think we can reach an agreement .
the no deal button is grey for me
i'd like the ball and two hats
i really need that ball . i could even do the ball and one book . or the ball and the hat .
i can give you three hats and the book , but not all
we might be at an impasse then . might be no deal .
yes i agree . going to have to say no deal .
i want the book and the hats
i want the book and you choose how many hats you get
okay
no i really need the book . ill take the book and the hats , thanks
i'll let you keep all 4 of the hats if you let me keep the book and the ball .
3 hats for the book
hmm , was really playing hard ball with you as i really needed the ball and the book but you were willing to make the exchange . hats are nothing for me . so take them all . . . . . buuuut , any chance you'd reconsider on the book ?
done
you can have the book and both balls if i can have the hats
hello , i would like the book please
what do you want ? i would like 1 ball also if you don't need it
that sounds great . thank you !
you can have the ball only
how about i give you one book and one hat ?
okay
can i get a ball , a book and one hat ?
i need the book and the ball at least
no deal . i need the book and the ball . you can have all the hats
books are a low item for me ; i need 1 ball and 2 hats
deal
i need the balls and the hats and you can have the books
that won't work how about we each take 1 of each item
sounds good
hi , can i have the balls and 2 hats ?
ok , keep the hats , i`ll get 3 balls and 2 books , deal ?
if i can have the two hats you can have the rest .
i need the hats .
deal
you can have both balls , but i can't give up 3 hats . how about you get 2 balls and 1 hat ?
no book
ok , no deal
no deal .
no deal .
three hats and one ball
and one book
no deal
no deal
no deal
how about three hats ?
i can give you two books if i get the ball
leave it then .
so you need the books ?
okay , do i get the rest ?
hats for two books
yes
yes
two books and the ball
i need both books
what would you like
one book and one hat for you
ok deal , i keep two hats and ball
you take all the hats
i need the book but nee ball too
ok i get book and ball deal ?
i'd like the ball . you can have the book .
i will settle with just the hats then .
deal
i would like the ball and 2 hats
you can have all the books , but i either need the ball or all the hats .
ok
i need the ball , 1 hat , and 1 book .
i need the ball and books , you get all the hats .
can i get the ball and hats ?
i really want the ball . you can have the books though .
no deal . what if you get everything but the ball ?
well i need the ball .
okay , deal .
you can have the hats . i 'd like the rest .
i need the ball . you can have the books and the hats .
i can't do that .
you can have it then . i will take the rest .
ill take both balls you can have the rest .
deal
i need the hats . . . . the book and ball are yours
deal
the book and two hats for me
deal
you take the hats
i would like a hat and a ball
deal
deal
i would love both balls and you can have the rest
that sounds like a deal
i need the ball , for march madness
ok , i get rest , you get ball
ouch , can't do
no deal ?
the button . . . . so grey
i would like the ball and the books , you can have all the hats
that's what i need it for too
how about i get the ball and one book ?
yeah , that's the least i'd be willing to take
i guess so
just un - greyed
i'll the hat and ball and give you books .
i can give you books books and hat for ball .
i need the books and the ball
you take the ball , i get all the hats and books
i woud like the hats , you can have the rest
ok
if i can have some of them hats that would be nice .
well i wanted 1 hat and both balls ? how does that sound ?
that would be fine .
i want you to have those hats , i really do . . . but i can only give them both to you if i get the rest
i was going to give those balls to my kids . how about i give you both hats and a book ?
i would like the hat and the book and you can have the balls
so are you offering me the book and all three balls ?
agree to that deal
i was going to offer the same thing . . . i can give the balls the book
yes
hey , can i have the balls ?
i'll take the ball . you can have everything else .
deal
how about i get 3 balls and one 2 hats or books
yes , if it`s ok with you
books and hats for me
two books and a hat for me ?
i would like the book and a ball . would you be interested in both hats and a ball instead ?
i am mostly interested in the book . you can have both hats and both balls if i can have the book .
okay , you can have the book if i can have both hats and both balls .
we will not be able to agree on a feasible deal then .
yes , no deal it is . i am sorry this did not work out .
if i can have the book and the hats you can have the balls
i can not accept that deal . i need the book and the hats you can have the balls
i need the book as well . i can not make a deal without the book
i need at least one other item as well
okay no deal . i'm sorry .
i need the hat and 2 balls
can i give you the book and 2 balls ?
fine , three balls and the book . i get 1 ball and the hat
i need three balls and a book .
no go , three balls .
sorry , i need the 3 balls and one book or hat
no deal , thats low for me . need 3 balls and something else
give me both hats and a ball
give me 2 hats an both books
both hats to me and one book
if i take the ball i need three books
i will also take the hat and the ball
deal
one book one hat for me
no deal
give me three books you take the rest
deal
i would like one of the hats
i'll just take both books
i would like both hats and the ball .
if i give up a hat , i would need everything else .
i'd like one book and one hat
ball is worthless to me , can i have one book and one hat
okay deal
ok but how about one ball for you and i get the rest ?
ok you can have a book but no hat 7
i want the book and 1 hat . you can have the 2 balls .
ok i need the book though .
i really need both hats and balls
i can do that , deal !
sorry does not work . need the book and one hat
no deal then
no deal
i need the book and the hats . you can have the 4 balls
sorry no deal
i need the book and the balls . you can have the hats
i need the book
ok , no deal
can i have the book and two balls ?
i have to have the book
no deal then
do you have any books ?
what about basketballs ?
can i give you 2 hats for them ?
great
yes , and i would like to keep it .
i have three and am willing to give up two .
for all three balls ? yes .
okay , so you get the basketballs and i get the book and hats ?
if i can have the hat and the balls you can have the books
that isn't going to work for me . i need the hat . what else can you offer
okay so no deal .
i need at least one ball as well
okay so i get one book and the hat ?
okay deal
i need the hat and 2 balls you can have 2 books and a ball
i need the hat for sure .
alright i will take all the balls and the books . you can just have the hat .
no , i can give you 1 book no balls if you take the hat .
yes
if i can have the book , hat , and one ball you can have the other 3 balls
then i can take all of the balls and the hat and you can have the book
great !
the balls have no value to me . i would need the book
works for me
no deal . i'll take ball . you can have everything else .
hat and ball to me , all wonderful books to you
deal
if i can have the hats and the ball you can have the books
okay deal .
i am mostly interested in the ball . can i have the ball while you keep both hats and both books ?
how about you take two books and give me everything else ?
all you want is the hat ?
i just want the book
i really can't give up the hat
i do not want the hats at all .
i would prefer the balls .
one ball and the book ?
yes .
ok you take two hats and i keep the rest
what do you like
one ball
one ball and one book for you ?
deal
deal
i keep book you get everythign else
i need book and one ball
deal
i want the book and hat you can have the balls
i get the book and you take the rest
i would like 1 hat and 2 books ?
yes you get the ball and 2 books
if i get all the balls
ok deal
could i at least get one of those books with the ball ?
deal thanks !
i'd like the hats and the books please !
yeah thats fair , i agree to that !
the hat and one and one book
no deal
no deal
give me the hat and two books .
ok , i will take the hat and one book .
yeah , that works for me . deal .
can i have the ball ?
hi there ! i would like the book and balls , and you can have the hats .
i need the book .
deal
i can give you the balls if i get the hats and book
i can give you the book if i get the rest
no i cannot do that i would like the book and one hat .
ok
i want the book and two hats and ball
i want all the hats and the ball if i give you the book
you can have everything if i can have the book .
i need the balls and 1 hat
sounds good
i would like the ball and 1 hat
i would like to get 1 book too
ok that will work
ok thats good but make another sentence
no i take 2 books and 2 hats deal ?
i need the hat and two books
could i have the ball and 2 books ?
um , ok .
can i have the ball ?
sure
yes . you can have the ball and 2 books if i can have both hats .
gimme books
i will give you one book and both the balls if i can have the hat and two books
great !
i'll take two books and both balls .
how about i get both balls and you can have the rest ? (nothing else is worth anything to me . )
i would like the books the balls and a hat .
done
give me all hats , u take rest
sounds good
i'd like the book , you can have everything else .
you can have all of the hats but , i would need the books and the balls
deal . thank you .
can i have two hats and 1 book
fine with me
how about i get the hat , and you get everything else ?
that's 5 objects to one .
ok
i would like the hat and 4 balls
i need the hat and balls
ok i will take all 4 balls and you get the hat and book ?
great deal
ok deal
i would like two hats and one ball
i would like the book and atleast 1 hat .
that works for me . deal .
you can have everything else if i can have the 2 balls
if i can take the book and a ball , you can have a ball and all the hats
i would need at least a ball as well to make a deal
great !
you can have the book but , i would need the rest
okay then if that is the best you can do we can make that deal .
i can give you the books and 1 ball
i need the balls and the books
that works
i can do both books and 1 ball
i would like both books and both balls .
deal .
ok
i just want the ball , you can have the rest
i would like to keep the hat
yes
then can i have 3 basketballs and a book ?
i would like a book , a hat , and a ball .
i need the book and the hat .
then we have no deal .
then we have no deal .
waiting for the no deal button .
i need hat and a ball
i need hat or no deal
ok
yes
ture
i would like the hat and ball please
that sounds fair
sorry , that's what i need too . i think we do it like this , you take the hat , i'll take the ball and we split the books evenly
what would you like
how about no
ok you take all balls and i get all the rest
fine
all of the books and one ball
if you want somewthing else you are going to have to negotiate for it , just asking what someone else wants and then responding negetive doesnt really work
fine
books and hats
naw cant accept that
yup works for me
what would you like today ?
i will give you all the books for the hat and balls
how about i get both balls and you get the rest
i'll give you the hat , but i want the books and balls
hi , need the hat and one ball
ok deal
alright , deal . thank you !
i'll take the hat , you can have everything else
i would like the hat and book
the hat is also not negotiable for me
yes we are ! this is terrible
i can not do that i need shade in my life i shine so bright !
oooooo that makes me scared !
no deal scarey personnnn
the book is yours bu the hat is non negotiable for me
we're in trouble then .
i know . . . . have a heart , give a hat . 8 ^ 0
lol . . . . i need the darkness because i am the darkness . . . . ooooooo
thought it might . . . now give me that hat !
okay that works for me ! thank you !
i'd like the books , the rest to you
how about i take the hat and a book instead ?
ok , i agree .
i want one of each
how about you get all three books ?
i would like the ball and the hats .
can i have one of each object ?
ok , take the hats and i will have everything else .
are the books of any value to you ? i can definitely give you the ball . i would prefer to have both hats .
i would prefer to keep both hats as they are the only valued items for me . the others are worthless .
deal . thank you .
i would like to keep the hat , but i will give you a ball and two books
i will give you three books and a ball , and keep the hat
no deal , but thanks
no problem ,
indeed , the other items have no value ,
i'd like the hat , rest to you
only the hat is worth any money to me
books are nothinig to me , ball is two , hat is 8 , so no deal
your welcome , we just have to type a few more messages before we can hit no deal was reached
wish we could have reached an agreement , impossible for both of us
but i need the ball and the book
no i can take the ball and 3 hats - you can have book and 1 hat
if i can have the book and the ball you can have all of the hats
i can take the book and the hats and you can have the ball ?
okay that works ! thank you !
that won't work for me , the balls are the only thing of value to me . i can provide the same offer you did if the book or hats are better value for you - if not i say we split it down the middle .
works for me . thanks !
i just wan the balls and book please you take the rest
okay the book and one ball u take rest
i would like the ball and two books
ok , so i will take one book , both hats and the ball ?
deal
i can give you the ball but i need at least 1 book
no , i'll take 1 book , 2 hats and you can have the ball and 1 book
ill take two hats and a ball you can have the rest .
ok i get two hats and one ball .
deal .
i'll need that book . you can have a hat and a ball .
what if i keep both hats and both balls and you keep the book ?
i can't make that deal . what if you keep both hats and i take the rest .
ok . i keep the book and one ball .
can i have the hats and book and you can have the balls ?
i would need both hats and both balls to be able to give you the book
no , i would need the book and at least 1 hat and you can have both balls and the other hat
can i have both hats and 1 ball ?
deal
i would like the 2 hats and you could keep the books and balls
perfect !
you know that sounds like it's a reasonale deal .
i want balls , you take rest
need all balls
agreed
yes
ok
i would like one of each .
i want the book , the hat and one ball .
well then we have no deal .
well then we need to wait until the no deal button is available .
it will probably take a few more exchanges till it appears for one of us .
how about i take the hat and one ball , the rest to you ?
deal
unfortunately i can not give up the balls . i can give you the hat and all of the books though
great ! thank you !
sounds good to me ! i will take all of the hats
i'd like that book and ball if possible
i want the 4 books please
if you take one book can i have 3 books and 2 hats ?
i would like the ball , but i would also like one book please
yes you can have 3 books and 2 hats
what would you like
you can have the hats if i can have teh rest
deal
i'd love the hats .
alrighty then .
i need the hat and two books
i want the hat and two books
no deal
hit the no deal button
what deal
give me two balls to
take two books and a ball
i'll give you a single book then
no deal .
just take the deal
one book one hat
i need 3 books and the hat ?
wow ok so your counter is ?
no go , i need the hat and at least 2 books
i will take the hat , 1 book , and the ball ?
the hat and 2 books
the hat and 1 book ?
and i need a million dollars
you hat only
ok final offer , you take a hat and one book
no deal
no deal
deal
can i have a ball and the book ?
ok
what if you give me the book and hats ?
one ball to me , the rest to you
would you have a couple basketballs to spare .
i could do that if you throw in a cowboy hat .
ok
i need 1 hat and 2 balls
can i have 1 ball i ll give you a hat
okay
book and hats for me
ok deal
gimme balls and one hat
i need at least one ball
can't give them both up
ouch , worse then taking both balls . split balls , i get hats you get book
the books aren't worth anything to me , i would like at least the hat
that's not worth much to me , the hat is the highest value for me . i'm guessing it is for you too
i guess not
looks like it
just waiting for the button to be available
hi i would like the hat and ball and you can have the books
im sorry i cant let go of the hat . i can give you the ball if youd like
it is . i guess we wont be able to reach a deal
ok , no deal
yep .
deal .
i want a hat and a ball .
if i can have the book and the hats you can have the balls
great ! thank you !
ok
ok , fair enough .
i would be great with 4 books , you could have the hat and ball
ok deal i get 4 books you get 1 hat and 1 ball
1 book and 3 balls for you , 2 hats for me .
ok
can i get the book and basketballs and you get hats
its a deal
ok deal
deal
ill take the balls and hat and you can have the books .
ok i get the balls and hat and you get the books .
i need the book , you can have the rest
you can have the balls , i'll take the rest
ok
i'll take the hats you can have everything else
if i can have the balls you can have the hat and the book
i can give up one ball for the book if that works for you
okay thank you !
can i have 1 ball
no i will take the book and the hat
i'd love to have the hat and two balls
i really need that hat . i'll take the hat only at this point
same here . no deal then
hm we gotta select no deal somehow
no deal
i need the hat . you can have all the balls . i want the hat and the book .
i can't agree to that sorry . the book and the hat is the only option i can take .
no deal .
no deal .
no deal .
deal .
i'll take both basketballs and you can have the rest
give me one of each , you get 2 hats
ok
i would like the 3 hats
how about 1 hat and 1 book
alright i get 1 book and 1 hat you get 2 hats and 1 ball deal .
thats not great for me . . . i can cede all the hats if i can have the book and ball
i would like 1 of each item
deal
how about you get all the books instead
deal
kind sir if i could beg you for 1 ball and 2 hats i would be much obliged
would you take 1 hat and 2 books
no you want , you don't need .
i suppose we have no deal then .
hi there ! id like one of each , and the rest is yours .
great ! thanks . deal .
great , i'll take two books , the rest to you
i want one of everything
i need the hat and two other items
how about the hat and one other item
how about you get 1 ball and one book
you can't do that
no deal
ok one ball
deal .
i get the ball . you get the rest .
how about you take 1 ball and 1 hat ?
ok
i would like the book and the ball
i really need the book and at least one other object
what would you be interested in ?
i cannot accept that deal . i would like the hats and the book
okay i will let you have the book and a hat
my offer is 1 book and 1 hat
no deal . i'll give you 2 books and 1 hat
i can't give you a ball . you can have everything else
ok i'll give you 1 ball and 1 book
can't do that . it's 1 ball and either 1 book or 1 hat
do deal i would like the hat and both basketballs you can have the books
no deal i'll take the hat , 1 basketball , and 1 book . you can have a 1 book and 1 basketball
i can't do that i can offer you take both books and i'll take the rest
no deal . i'll take the hat , 1 ball , and 1 book
i will take one hat and 1 basketball you can have the rest
the book is my biggin , if i could have the book and one hat .
i'd like all the balls and the book ; are the hats of value to you> ?
deal
you can have the 3 hats
okay
if i can have the books you can have the rest
yes
are you sure ?
ok deal
i would like both hats and the basketball , please .
you want to split the hats then ?
alright , i can deal . . . with that . lol
nope
ill give you the ball and well split the hats . give me the books
cool
i would like the books and the hats .
deal .
yes .
i ll take the balls but i need one book
ok is this your final
i would like balls and hats .
so can i have both balls and one hat then ?
what do you need ?
i need at least one hat or ball to stay afloat
sounds good
deal . you can have the hats
gimme the hats
i need the book and you can have the rest
yes
thanks@ !
i would like the book and the hats .
do you refuse to give up the book in all cases ?
ok , you take the book , and i will everything else , i agree .
i need two balls and one book
deal
deal !
i would like both books
what would you like
two hats for you and i keep the rest
fine
three hats , what about you
two hats and the ball for me
i would like the basketball and one of the hats as a counteroffer
agree
i would like the book and basketball you can have the hats
deal
i want the hat and a book , you can have 2 books and 2 balls
sounds good
i'd like hat and balls .
deal .
i would like the hats not sure what i would do with the balls care to split
perfect
i'd like the books , the rest to you
i'll take the books , the rest to you
i would like 1 book and both hats
i can do that so i will take 2 hats and you get 2 books who gets the ball
ok deal i get 2 hats and 1 ball
i would like the 2 books you can have the hats and ball
i can give you both hats for both books
you can have the ball
yes
i will give all 3 balls and the book .
how about we split the hats and i will give you a ball .
would you like the book ?
sorry that won't work . how about i get hats you get the rest
who gets the book
yes
i would like the hat and the balls
no i need the hat and at least 1 ball
deal
how about you just take the balls
okay you can have the hat and one ball
sure , sweet
deal
you can have all the balls and the book if i can take the hats .
deal ?
hi , i just want the ball and a hat
i would like the books and the ball
ok . deal
you can have the balls . i'll take the books and hats .
done .
i can do balls and 1 book . you can have the rest .
i would like one of each . straight down the line .
deal .
what would you like
no can do
no deal
ok
yes
both books , you take rest
no deal ?
ok
yep
ok
i need the books , the rest to you
works for me !
you can keep the ball . i need at least 1 book and 1 hat .
i need at least 1 book
so i keep 1 book and all the hats ?
hi i would like the ball and books and you can have the hats
you can have all the hats
fine . you can have 1 book
yeah
can i have 1 of the hats ?
i need the 2 books and least 2 hats or the ball .
okay , we will have to mark no deal then .
no deal was agreed
whenever the button appears
can i have the hats and the ball ?
no
no deal
no deal
yah
i'd like a basketball and a book .
can't spare a book ?
ok , take the ball .
i can do basketball and you get the rest or the opposite . i'll take the rest and you get ball .
ball is 5 points for me . everything else is 5 points together . i don't deal for less than 5 / 10 .
two hats and two balls for me , plus your firstborn
ok deal
lol . . . the balls are your and 1 hat . . . . one hat and the book for me
so , the books and i'll need to have either a hat or a ball
deal
i'd like the hats and balls , you can have the books
ok take the books and one ball . i'll take one ball and both hats . deal ?
deal
i'd like the ball and 2 books .
i want the hats and the balls
i'm taking all the balls and i will let you have one hat
ok , i will let you have 1 ball and the book
i need the book and some of the balls
the hat is useless to me
deal then
hi ! do you have any books or basketballs ?
how about you give me some of them . i have three cowboy hats to be rid of .
i'd like the hat and 1 book .
no deal . balls are worthless . i need the hat at the bare minimum .
i can let you have both books if i get everything else .
okay , we can do your original offer . you get the hat and a book , i get the balls and a book .
i want the hat and all the books
nope i need the hat and atleast two books
you can have the hat but then i want the rest since you will not give it up
thats not going to happen , no deal
no deal
you can have the books but i need the hat and the ball
i can not make a deal without getting both the hat and the ball
i need the ball as well
okay i'm sorry . no deal .
no deal .
deal
i get book and hat you get balls
i can take the ball and 2 hats or the ball and 2 books .
fine .
no deal . three hats only gives me three points . i can't do it .
i can also take the ball and you get everything else .
i can also offer you the ball and i take everything else . 5 points isn't horrendous for me .
no deal .
i can offer you the hats
no i can only offer you the 3 hats or this wont work for me and we say no deal until the button comes up
fine what ? ? ? ?
fine i can offer you 2 hats
now i can offer you no hats
i can offer you one book and 3 hats last offer
i need the ball . you can have two of the hats .
that sounds good .
i would like the book and the ball .
can i have the ball if you take everything else ?
i was interested in the ball as well , how about i get the ball and 1 hat and you get the rest ?
greetings ! i the great cerise power ranger come to request of you one ball and one book , so i can set off in my ventures to save the world !
the hats shall not do me any good . for as a power ranger , i have a helmet for my head .
i can't accept that deal . if i can have the balls and the hat you can have the book
okay that is acceptable . thank you !
i'd like 1 of each please .
no hat , but you can have all 3 balls , i need the 1 hat and 1 book .
i'd like the ball and hat .
i f i give up the hat i have to have everything else .
i really really really need that hat and one book .
deal
i can do 3 balls or 2 balls and 1 hat .
good evening ! i'd like the two books and we can negotiate on the rest !
take the balls i'll take the books and the hat .
hello !
i'm also looking for hats . would you let me have 1 ?
ok , and then i'll take the basketball
hi i would like to get hats
sure then i want 3 books
hi . . . id like 2 balls and the hat
ok . . . can i have both balls and one book
no . . . you get one book and one hat
deal
i want the hat and 1 book . let's negotiate
sure . that mean i get hat and two book then . deal
deal
i really want both balls , and would like to have the books too . you ?
how about i just take both balls and you take everything else ?
how about you take the books and one ball ?
deal .
i would like the hats and 1 book
and i get the rest ? deal .
i'd like the book and several other items .
if i give up the book i'd need to take everything else . and even then it's not a very good deal for me .
can i have the book a hat and a ball please ?
take the several items and leave me the book
deal
that is fine with me .
i would love the two books and you can have the rest
hi , i would like the hat and 1 ball please .
deal
i'd like 3 books , you can have the hats , and also i want one ball
i only get one ball ?
no way
you'll get all the hats i have
no deal
nope , 1 ball
yes
2 balls and that is the most i can do
nope , 2 balls
ok no deal then
hello , if i can have the ball and the books i can let you have the hats .
cool ! please doin business with ya .
that works for me , deal
you can have the book if i can have the rest
okay deal .
i would like the balls and the book .
i would prefer taking the balls and giving you the rest .
can i have the hat and 2 balls . you can have the rest .
deal . thanks
deal
i'd like the ball
how about i get the hat and ball and you get the books ?
deal , thank you .
you can have the ball and ill take the books and hat
that works
i need the ball and hats then
ok
i can offer both books
i can't give the hats , i can offer both books and the ball
how about 2 books and 2 balls for me , you can have the hat and the book ?
ok , i can do that . so i get 3 books and 1 ball , you get 1 hat 1 ball ?
i'd like hat and 1 ball . you can have the rest ?
yep .
i want the ball too though
ok . i will take everything else then
i just want the ball and you can keep everything else
well i can't give up the ball
deal thanks
i want three hats or 2 hats and two balls
ok deal
i would like the hats and the balls .
i can offer you a hat and two balls and the book .
okay , deal
a ball and two books is what i need . nothing less .
i would like the basketball and book you can have the 3 hats
deal
ok you take all hats i get the rest
so what does that leave me , two hats , no deal
i need the book and one ball ,
then we have no deal
no deal
i have to have the book and 2 hats
you can have 2 hats and 2 balls
i can't give up the book
no deal
no deal
i can live with that .
i'd like the ball and two hats - you can have the 3 books ?
just books
so you take all books only
gimme hat and books
ok
yes
i need both balls and either 1 hat or 1 book .
no deal . i can do 1 ball and the 3 books or 1 ball , 1 hat and 2 books .
fine . you take 1 ball and 2 books . i'll take the rest .
can i get two balls , 1 book and a hat ?
you can have one ball and i'll take everything else
no deal . i need one ball and at least two books . you can have the hat
i'll take the books , you can have the rest
ok deal
hello , i can let you have both books if i get the hats and balls .
nah , i like hats in particular . i can give you the books and one of the balls .
wouldn't you be happier with one of each ?
sounds good .
i would like the books and the basketball
you can have the hats if i can have the ball
i'd like the books
alright . i will take the books and you can have the rest
i would like the ball and the hats .
what about the books ?
no . what are you willing to give up ?
i'll take 3 books and a ball if you want the rest ?
i can't seem to mathematically make this work . . . . . . .
i can take all 3 books youcan have the rest
i can take the balls and 1 book or 1 hat .
i can do balls and you take the rest if that helps ?
want to trade a hat for the ball ?
deal
all hats to you , rest to me
ok deal
hi
i would need 3 books
hi , i would like the ball and two books if possible .
deal .
gimme the balls
ok
i will give you the balls if you give me the rest .
deal .
if i can have the books and one hat you can have the rest
you would be getting one hat and the balls
you can have the books but i really need at least 1 hat
balls are 4 points for me . no deal .
i just want the balls .
i just want the balls . you can have everything else .
i'll give you two balls for everything
i'll give you two balls and a hat for two books
two balls for two books then
that sounds fair to me .
if i can have the balls you can have the book and the hat
okay thank you !
take the hat and 1 ball and its a eal
i have to have 1 ball and the books
then ill take 2 ball and 2 books
you take hat and 1 ball
and i need 1 ball
no deal
i'd like the hat , and the two balls
yeah i need one more ball
no deal
no deal
i'm sorry , but i need the two balls
i really can't do that . i guess we have no deal
i would like the hat and the books .
deal .
i would like the balls an one book
alright .
if i can have the hats and the ball you can have the books
okay great ! thank you !
i get 3 balls you get the rest ?
yes , that works for me .
i'd like one book and two balls please
i'll take the balls and the hat , you can have the book
deal
i can give you all of the balls if i can have the hat and the book please
that won't work for me . you can have the book and two balls if that works for you .
thank you !
i really just want the hat .
deal
you can have the balls .
ok . you get the hat . i get the rest .
i'd like both hats
i would like the books and basketbal you can have the hats
i need the same thing
that still leaves me 3 / 10
ok
if i can have the hat and the books you can have the balls
if i can have one of each thing you can have the books and the ball
then you can have the hat and i can take everything else ?
okay deal .
i'll take the books and you can have the rest .
neither can i .
i'll take one book , the ball , and one hat .
i cannot give up the books
i guess we are stuck then
deal
how about you tell me what you want and let's see what we can do
i will give you the hat or the ball and take the rest
deal
i like your style . . . id like the hat and ball . . . i will cede all books
ill take the hat and can cede the remaining
the books aren't bad . i'd like the hat also though .
how about you get the ball and one book and i take the hat and the other three books ?
very well . i'll take the books , you can have the rest .
you can have the books
nope you get 4 books only
so you get 4 i get 2 no thanks i want the hat and the ball
okay deal you take the books ill take the hat and ball
i really need to catch up on my reading . could i have all of the books please !
that's fine with me .
yes if i can have the rest
i can give you two basketballs . i'll get the hat .
i really need the hat
ok . i'll get the basketballs . it's a deal .
ok , i'm looking for some hats , in exchange for some basketballs
let , do the opposite . i give you two basketballs in exchange of one hat
but me too !
i'd like hat . you can have the rest .
i would like both hats you can have the rest
i would like both basketballs
i was wanting the book and the ball
i will take the ball and three hats . you can have the rest
ok
the book is critical for me . can't live without it . waht's going on for you ?
those are the only things i'd want too . what do we do ?
the hats are worthless to me , so you should take them all . i'll just take the book ?
how bout i give you the hat and 2 books
i would like to keep the ball and at least 1 book
what if i keep the ball and 1 book and you get the rest ?
i don't want the hat . . and i can give up 2 books . . but that is really all the wiggle room i have
the hat is useless to me . . so we are at an impasse i think . i need the ball to make any kind of a deal
no deal
what if i take one of each ?
what if a take the ball and the hat ?
what if i take the ball and you get the rest ?
i've got to have the ball .
don't think i can do that . the books are useless to me .
same here . no deal
i get the rest
great
i need the books .
deal .
i'd go for 1 hat and 1 book
i would like 2 books and 2 balls
hmm , i would the 2 books and you can have everything else
deal
i just want the balls
thx
i need the hat and you can have everything else .
thank you !
i need the hat and ball you can have the books
okay
thanks
ok if i can have the hats and the ball
which items do you want ?
would you take one book and two balls ?
i want the book and the hat and one ball .
yes that is fine
ok
i'd like the ball , the rest to you .
deal
give me at least one ball
nah , i can't , i need hat and two books and you get the rest
i get balls and hat you get rest
books , hat and 1 ball for me deal
deal
i will give you the book and two balls
ok
could i have the balls and one of the hats
howa bout i get book and hats and you keep the rest
i can do three hats but i need reast
deal
i'd like three hats and the book .
hmm . that doesn't work for me . i'll take a basketball and two hats instead .
i would like one ball and 2 books
ok
you can have books , i'll take everything else
deal
hi i would like the book and hats and you can have the balls
ok that sounds fair
i need the hats as well . if we can split the hats you can have the book and i will take the balls
okay thank you .
i would like a ball and 1 book
okay , deal
all i want are the hats you can have the rest
gimme 2 hat and the book
what do you want ?
how about i take all the balls and you get the rest ?
no , i'd like all the balls
i want both books for sure , and ideally all the balls . what do you want ?
can i have one of the balls and everything else ?
ok
deal
i only need the book - the rest can be yours
sounds good - thank you .
hi ! how about two books for me and one hat ? the rest to you .
excellent !
deal brah !
how about you take the hats and one ball and i take the books and one ball ?
deal
could have two hats and a ball ?
mmm deal
you can have the balls but , i need the rest
thank you .
the balls and book for me
deal
you can have the hats , i get the ball and the book .
no , i need the ball and the book .
thanks
i would love the hats and the ball but i'm almost positive that won't work for you : )
any chance i can get 2 hats and the ball ?
ok then , i'll take the hats .
i want the basketball !
you can have the 4 books and 1 hat
i'll take the basketball and the hat and you can have the 4 books .
i agree .
you know what , fine . just this once .
i'm not going to give up the basketball under any circumstances .
i want the basketball , and 2 books .
like i said , i'm not going to give up the basketball under any circumstances . i don't think we'll be able to make a deal .
shucks . but as a last resort . i'll offer you everything except the basketball .
hello i would like the books and at 2 balls .
i am going to need 2 balls
okay fine i can deal with only 1 ball as long as i can get the books
you can have one ball and the books
i need three balls and the hat to even make this work
okay deal . thank you !
you can have the ball but not the book . then we negotiate the hats .
i can't give up both the ball and the book , though .
no . if i have to settle for the ball , i'll need all the hats .
hey there ! i'll strike you a deal if i can have the book and the ball .
i won't be able to part with the book or the ball . you can have every hat .
okay , how about you get the ball and 2 hats ?
alright , i'll settle for that deal .
can i have the hats and the book
i need both hats and one book
i can do that
what if i take the ball and one hat ?
okay deal
i need the two books and hats
no deal
no , i cant give out the book
you are the one who rejected my offer
we have no deal
you can have two books and one hat
okay then i need the balls and one book
okay well , it looks like we can not make a deal as you are unwilling to accept my offer
i need the balls and one other object if that does not work for you then we are at a no deal .
no deal
i'll take the ball , the rest to you
i would like the books
sounds good
i would like the book
i really have my heart set on that ball
i'd rather have all the hats and all the balls if i can't have the book ?
that doesn't seem fair
i am willing to give you all the hats and one of the balls for the book
you can have the book and one hat
you can have a ball
you can have one ball only okay ?
how about i take the book and two other items of your choice
it's the only way for me to meet my quota
i need the book and one other item
okay thanks
nah i will give you the hat
deal
iwant the hat and book
deal u take rest
gonna be honest only way i can walk away from here and i assume not screw you is if i have the book and one hat , that gives me 5 .
well looks like we are both going to end with no deal
perfect !
i would like the books . you can have everything else .
easy enough . thanks !
what does 1 of each mean ?
deal
hi , i'm sending you 1 of each . what are you offering ?
1 book , 1 hat and 1 ball
that's fine , i'll take the book and one hat then ?
i need the ball and two hats .
great .
i'd like 1 ball 1 book
correct
i'll take the books . you can have the rest .
okay . i'll have two books and two hats right ?
i could really do with like , three balls and two of those hats .
ok , i'll take the book . you can have everything else .
you can take the book , but i really can't afford to let you walk with anything else .
deal
i will need the book and at least one or two other objects .
i liked your initial offer better . how about i get the book and either one hat or one ball ?
ok , i agree , i will take only the book .
i'd be content with just the book
i can work with that
i'll take the hat and ball , you can have all of the books
ok !
sounds good
great
ok , i'd like the ball and both books .
i want both hats
ok
hi . i would like the ball and books and you can have the hat
sorry that wont work for me . i can give you the hat and 1 book
sorry looks like we wont be reaching a deal
ok , no deal
yep
you can have all the books if i get the hat and the ball
the books aren't worth anything to me
that's what it looks like
no deal
just waiting for that button
i'd love the books and the hat or the books and the balls .
deal
i will take the hat and you get everything else
what would you like
how about a million dollar with that , i ll keep the book and you can have the rest
the hat and book and 1 ball
ok
can i have one additional object ?
so i get one of each ?
deal .
ill take 1 book 2 hats
ok you can have a hat
yes
you can have the hat .
how about you keep the hat and 1 ball ?
alright
no deal , i need the hat and 2 balls or no deal
that`s not much worth . i need the hat and the 2 balls or it`s not fair on my side
ok , that will give me 3 books ?
deal
i would like the hat and the ball .
yes .
no deal . that's all the points for me . i need book . you can have the rest .
no . that's 9 / 10 points for me . if i can't have the book then there'd no deal . we just need to talk back and forth until the no deal was agreed button pops up .
blah blah hats books balls .
i'm vegan . are they vegan chocolates ?
if i wasn't on a diet . . .
i need the book both hats
book and one hat to me
hidden valentine in the hat ?
i have a box of chocolates from yesterday , can i throw that in ?
yes , of course
they are fat free
you can have all the hats .
ok
i would like 3 hats and a ball
i'd like ball and 1 book .
hats are worthless to me . i have to have a ball and a book .
how about 1 ball ?
okay just one book and 1 ball then
i can let you have a hat and a ball if i get the rest .
hmm . how about you get the ball and a book ?
i can give you both the hats if i get everything else .
okay , deal .
i'd like the ball and 2 hats .
no that would only leave me with 4 points .
no , i really need 2 hats and the ball to get a decent score . you can keep the 3 books
2 books and a hat to me
negative , that transaction cannot take place .
deal
i think i need 1 book 1 hat 2 balls
best offer is i settle for 2 books
ok
i need the ball and a hat
okay
hi , i want 2 books and a ball if thats ok with you
ok , i`ll take the 2 books and a hat
i would like 2 balls and a book
deal
i would like the hats and basketballs you can have the book
i would like both basketballs and 1 hat
can i have the book and one ball ?
deal .
hi i would like the balls and books and you can have the hat
sorry cant do that . i can offer you the hat and 2 books
sorry i need both balls to make a deal
sorry looks like we wont be making a deal
no deal
i need the hat , the balls and at least one book
ill take the hat and one ball
i need either both balls or one ball and the hat to get over 5
ok
no deal
no , you can have the hat and two books
forget about the ball
yup no deal , how about i get the ball and you keep the rest
no deal
same
hi i would like the ball and hat and you can have the books
sorry i cant do that . how about i get the ball and you get everything else ?
ok no deal then
nope . no deal
just waiting for the button
yep
i can offer the ball
i'll offer the ball and 1 hat
i really need those hats too
ok deal
can i have the ball and the two books ?
you can have all the hats , and maybe one book ? so i can get the ball and one book
can i get the both books then ?
that won't work for me at all . the ball is important for me , and i'd need at least a few other items .
that only gets me to 5 and i can't make a deal for that low .
i'll take the ball and 3 books .
ok , i'll take the hat and 3 books .
i would like the hat and the ball
how about the hat and the books ?
deal
i would like the book and the hats . you can have the balls
no . then i will take one of each
ill give you all the hats and balls if i can have the book
i would love the ball and books
i would like one ball , all else to you
okay , i'll take 2 hats
you can have all the hats but i would like the ball and book
there are 3 hats and only 1 ball and 1 book
so you take the 3 hats and i take the 1 book and 1 ball , seems fair to me
i guess we can't make a deal ,
only offer i can put on the tabl is what i have already offered . i can not accept anything less
i am offering to take only 2 items and you can have 3 . you want 4 and leave me with 1 , not happening
i take book and ball you take hats
i want the ball and hats
no way , ball and hats
i see that
no
we could
yes you can
its not about numbers and you know it
i need the hat and 3 books
i have to have the hat or no deal
no deal
sounds good
have a nice day
i need hat and ball . . . . . . you can have all the books
books have 0 value on my end so i guess we cant deal
click on the no deal button when it comes up
ok
u 2
i want one thing . . just one - the book
the book is 10 for me . . . so its pretty simple - no book no deal unfortuntely
ok , no deal
yup
nope
i would like 1 of each item
can't do that , the book stays here with the hat , but i will give you all the balls
i can't make that deal then . i need the book on this side as well
no deal , and so we go back and forth this way until the no deal button lights up
no deal
ok , sounds good to m
if i can have the hat , you can have the rest . : )
i'd like the balls and hat .
great !
ok
can i have one hat ?
ok , i will just take the balls then .
i'll take hats and book if you want the balls
that would push my score too low
unfortunately , that will not work for me . i need the balls and the hat as well . would you be willing to accept another deal /
no deal . that will give me a small amount of points .
that still will not work . i don't think we will be able to make a deal i'm sorry
no deal .
i'll take the ball , you can have the rest .
ok
i get books you get balls
i need the hat and books please .
you get hat i get the rest
deal
i need hat and balls
i need the hat
ok
ill giv eyou 3 books
no sorry i need the hats
ill give you 1 hat and 2 books
same points for you but not for me . you get 1 hat and 2 books
you can have 1 hat and 3 books
i'll take hats . you can have the rest .
i can do 1 hat and 3 books .
i can do 1 hat and 3 books or 1 hat , 2 books and the ball . same points for me either way .
then no deal . that's only 5 points . hats are 3 for me . i those are the only deals i can offer .
i could use a book and 3 basketballs as gifts for my kids .
i have to have ball . you can have the rest .
okay . no deal till button then .
sorry ?
there's no deal to be made if the ball is non negotiable for us both .
no deal .
i will take the ball and 1 book
the ball is non negotiable
hello again , you really messed up not accepting my deal earlier
you know we keep getting matched and i know it is you because you misspell till , the proper spelling is til , are you ready to make a deal ?
o
i need hats and ball
i can split the hats
yes , you can have all the books i'll take hats and ball
sorry , i meant hat , yes
i want the hats and all the books .
take the ball and leave me the hats , lets split the books
then you are gonna have to leave me all the books
one hat
this is the ugliest point distribution i've seen yet ! . . . however , i do accept your offer .
i'd like the ball , the rest to you
smiles , thanks
i'll take all 3 hats .
only if i can have the book
you can have 1 hat if i can take the book .
you can have all the hats if i can keep the book .
you can have everything else if i can have the book .
that was my final offer .
if you are going to take the hats i would need everything else along with one of the hats
no deal . i need the book and one hat
no deal . i need the book and the hat . no deal otherwise
no deal .
no deal .
what would you like
how about you get two books and one ball and i keet the rest
deal
i would like 2 books and 1 hat
2 books for me 1 ball , deal
okay .
i just need the hat .
you can have the ball and a book
i need the hat as well
you could have the ball and two books
bummer . how about just the ball ?
ok . or you can do the hat and i will take everything else .
ok
i'll take the hat abd ball if that's ok ?
i ned the hat and ball
bummer , we cant deal then
books have zero value on this side
we both need the hat , lets just no deal and move on to the next
i'll take the hat if you can take everything else
u can have the book i get the rest
take the books and either the hat or ball
no i need the hat and the ball
i will take the books and the hat
yes
i get balls you get the rest yes
can i have the two hats and a book ?
you only get the ball , right ?
deal
ok
if i can have the ball you can have everything else
okay great ! thank you !
ill take the hats but i would need at least 1 book as well
thank you . deal
hi , can i have 2 books and 2 balls ?
ok , i`ll give you 3 hats and one book
you can have 2 balls and i get the rest .
i would be happy with 2 balls
you can have the hats if i can have the book and ball
okay you can have the hats and ball if i can have the book
i think not
you got it
ok deal
i'll take all 3 balls you can have the rest
i need the hats and 1 book
i need the hats and either a book or a ball
what about hats and a ball
i will take 2 hats and 2 books
okay , that works
i will give you the hats if i can have the books and the ball
i can't give up all the hats and a book . do you have another deal you are willing to give
that isn't going to work for me .
that isn't going to work for me either . the best deal i can give is that you get the hats and i can have the books and the ball
okay thank you !
i need books and balls
deal
can i have the two hats and the books ?
ok i will take the hats and you can have the rest
hi , can i have the hats ?
no , i want 2 hats .
you can have all of the books , i need the rest
ok , i will take the books and the ball
the balls hold no value for me . you can have all of the balls if i can have the book and hat
deal
if i can have the book and three balls you can have the rest
i can not part with the book . lets split it down the middle i get the book and two balls and you get the hat and two balls
great thank you !
books and balls
1 ball and one book for me
ok , so two hats and two books for me
two books and two hats
no deal
ok what do you want
i need ball and hats you get books
i need the ball
two hats and and one book for you
yeah how about two books only
need book and 2 hats
book is even more valuable to me , its a gift from grandfather . book and 3 hats to me , rest to you .
that leaves me with . . . . nothing . why . . . why you so mean .
do you like chocolate ?
the book is about how chocolate is horrible . you won't like it .
hat and 2 books .
yep
i'd like the ball for sure . what do you want ?
and i can get the rest ?
okay !
no deal . i'll take the book , ball and 1 hat
i can't really either
same .
ok
k
you can have the hats if i can have the book and ball
i cannot give up the ball and book
the hats hold no value for me
ok no deal
ok
i want the ball and two books
i need the ball and two books
what did you want can i have three books
can i get three books and two hats
deal
i need ball and 2 hats
gue 4 ss we are stuck
i need the ball
yes , i'll take a ball and a hat
i need the book . i can part with the hats if that works for you . i can take the book and two balls and you can have two hats and one ball .
okay thank you@
i want some hats and a book
okay , sounds fair
i would like the book and 1 other thing of your choosing .
deal .
you can have the book and one hat
thank you !
can`t give you the books . i want the balls and the books , it`s just fair
ok deal .
gimme hats and a book
give me hats and one ball
no thanks . i'd like 2 books and 1 ball . you can have all the hats .
no thanks . i'll take the 2 books and you can have everything else .
no . i want 2 books .
1 book and 1 ball for me .
no , the hats have no value to me . i want the 2 books .
i'll give you 1 ball and 1 hat
nope , 1 book and 1 hat
1 ball and a hat
1 book
nope , 1 book and a hat
ok deal
how about 1 book and 3 balls ?
i would like the books and balls
deal
i'm okay with the hats but i think i'd like at least one ball
i'll go ahead and take the 2 hats then , you can have the rest
hi , i want the book and 2 balls . you can have the hats
thats the only thing i get points . can handle that
deal .
hi , can i have the book and 2 balls ?
ok deal
you can have the book and 1 ball
hi i would like the hats and balls and you can have the book
can i offer you the book and 2 balls ?
i understand . unfortunately , that is the best i can do .
no , i m sorry . i would need both books and at least 1 ball to make a decent score
i understand . sorry we couldnt reach a deal
you can have the balls but , i need the hats and the book
that will not work for me unfortunately . i need the hats and the book
would you be willing to accept if i took two balls and one hat and one book ?
i'm sorry but , it does not look like we can make a deal .
no deal .
hi , i would like the book and ball and you can have the hats
deal .
that sounds good for me , you can have the basketballs
deal
you can have 2 books and a hat
ok deal
i want the hat and two books
i want two books and the hat
i want ball and 2 books
gimme ball and a book
i'd like ball . you can have rest .
yes or i wouldn't have offered .
are you sure ?
ok , i will give you a ball , and you send me a book and two hats
do you mean i get 2 hats ? i need 2 hats and 1 ball in order to give you the books .
yes please , i need 2 hats and 1 book .
hi , i would like the hat and books and you can have the hats
how about i give you 2 hats and 1 book ?
deal
hi there , how about i get 2 books , a hat , and a basketball , and you can have the rest ?
how about i take 2 books , 1 hat , and you can have the rest ?
how about i get 1 book , 1 hat , and 2 basketballs , and you can have the rest ?
we get different values for the objects . its equal if we go with my plan of what i just said .
i want at least 1 book .
no , how about i take 2 books and you can have all the rest
no , i really just want 2 books
no , that's too much for youy
i really just want the 2 books and you can have a hat and 3 balls
i can't agree
no deal ; i want 2 balls 2 books
how about i take hat 1 book 1 ball ?
i have to have at least 5 - 2 balls & 2 books
i'd like the hat and books .
how about you take one book and both balls ? i'll take two books and the hat ?
no . you can have both balls , but i want the hat and at least two books .
ok . you can have both balls and 2 books .
i want to get my hands on that ball if possible
it could work if you take the ball and i get the rest ?
okay !
sane here . . . . . . nothing else has much value
yes
i need the hats and the ball .
deal .
i need the book and the ball
i just wan the hat please you take the rest
so i get the hat and book
thanks
hey there ! i'd like balls and the hat . . is the book a high value item for you ?
take the book too , its no value to me .
correct
i'll take the balls and one book
sounds good to me
hello ! how does one ball sound ?
how about you take three books and i keep the other three items ?
the best i can do then is you get two hats
how about just the ball ?
how about a ball and a hat , you get the rest
i can't use the books
i need the ball at least
i want the book you can have the rest or flip it
fine
i can give you 2 balls
the book is a must for me i can give you 3 balls and hat and that not leaveing me with much
you can have the hats but i need 2 books
fine
give me hats and 2 books
give me hats and balls then
i would like the ball and 2 hats please . you can have the book and 2 hats .
i have to have the ball . you can have 3 of the hats and the book .
okay deal .
i really need the ball . would you take all the hats and i get the ball and the book ?
hats are worthless to me . i can only make a deal if i get the ball . how about i give you everything except the ball ?
hi i would like the books and 1 hat and you can have the balls and 1 hat
the best i can do is offer you the hats and balls and i keep the books
can i have the balls , 1 hat and 1 book ?
ok deal
i need the hats and you can have the rest
yes , thanks
i would like 2 hats and one book , you can have the rest
ok you can have 2 hats , ill take 3 books and a ball . . . sound good to you ?
perfect
deal
i will give you all the hats and i will take the ball and the book .
deal , thanks ! !
can you give up one of the other items for a book ?
nevermind , i'll just take the books .
how about you take the books and i take the hat and balls ?
ok how about i take 2 balls and 1 hat and 1 book
ok
i'll take all the items .
ok , i'll take the books and the hats .
deal
no
deal
yes
ok
give me the book and the balls
great
i want the ball and one hat
deal
the ball is worth more for me . but you can have the ball and i`ll take the rest
i really only need the hat and one ball sir .
deal
if i can have one of each you can have the other three balls
okay you can have the hat and one ball and i will take the rest
how about i get 3 balls and a hat
deal
you can have all the balls if i can have the book and the hats
deal .
i need the ball and 2 hats
yes
thanks
i can give you the ball and one hat . . would that work for you ?
okay great ! thank you !
i need at least one hat , so much so that one hat means i need the ball and one book too
i cant give both hats . its impossible . its as i said before and that just gets me 6 , so . . .
so be it
we have to go back and forth for a few before it appears
no deal
i need both hats . you can have everything else .
i do not need the books at all , but i need both hats .
we will have to mark no deal agreed then .
the button is grey right now , it is usually active when enough time has passed .
if i took one hat , i will be told i need to negotiate harder , so we cannot reach a deal .
are you willing to take one of the hats instead of the book ?
ok .
i'd like the book and the basketball .
i'll take the book , and all the hats . you can keep the basketball
take all books and i keep the rest
yeah i can't do that
ok deal
i would at least need the ball to go with the books
ok , then how about i get all the books and 1 hat
can i have 1 hat and 2 balls ?
great
sure , that works for me
ill take the book and the hats
the balls are worthless to me
shoot . how we gonna do this then ?
how about taking just the hats ?
ok deal
no thanks . i would like 1 book and 2 hats . you can have the 3 balls .
they're worthless to me too .
how about i get the book and 1 hat ?
2 hats for me and the rest for you ? i think i'd be able to deal with that .
ok , i agree .
i'd like all balls and 1 hat please
i would like both balls and the book .
deal .
i'll give both balls but i need the book
great
i would like the book a hat and a ball
sure , ill take both balls and the book .
i would like the hats and the balls .
how about i get the hats and you take the rest ?
the book and the hat ?
ok deal
i'd like the hat , you can have the rest
wow , this is not working for me ! my only option is to take the hat
ok , i'll the hat and the books
i'd like the hat , myself . i'd settle for the hat and balls .
alright . you can take the hat . i'll take two balls , i don't need any books at this time .
you can have the hats i would like the book and the basketballs
i would like the book as well
ill take the book and the balls you get the hat
you will only get the hats
well neither can i . you can have the 1 ball and the 2 hats
okay deal
i would like the book and the hats
that will put me too negative . i really need the book
i will take the book and 1 hat and 1 ball
no i need one book and one hat .
no i cannot agree to that
ok . i will take that
if i can have the book and the ball you can have the hats
okay thank you !
how about you get book
ok
i want the books and the balls
that sounds fair
hello , can i have the hats and the balls ? you can have the books .
i will need at least 1 ball . can i have 2 hats and 1 ball ? you can have teh rest .
alright deal , thank you .
i just want the balls
you can have one ball if i get the book in return
then i go back to my original off of taking the balls and you can have everything else
after around 10 messages , or we can just finish the hit if you take the book and hat
you are only wasting your time
lol good try .
gimme one ball
no deal
when does the no deal button pop up ?
sounds , not so good to me
balls and hat to me , book to you
deal .
i just wan the hat please
i need the book and the hat , the balls to you
i need the book
no just the book
okay , but you don't have to return it if a deal isn't reached , there'll be a button that says no deal is reached (for your future reference) , but i'll take the book , the rest to you'
i need the book and 2 balls and you can have the hat and a ball
do you need the hat ?
ok , i need the book too . so in an effort to not have to return this hit you can have the book and i will take everything else
wow , i didn't even notice that . thank you . . . . so now it's definitely a deal
any chance you want all four books while i take that hat and ball
split the books with you then , 2 book and a ball .
can't part with the hat , but the ball is all yours . books are negotiable . what do you think ?
and two books and a hat for me ? that's good w me !
i need the hat and one ball
deal
i need the hat and one book
deal .
you can have all the hats and one book if i get the balls and one book
if i can have the hat and the balls you can have the books
no deal . i need the balls as well . i need at least one hat and one ball to make a deal
yes .
okay deal . thank you !
if i can have the balls you can have the hat and books
ok so 1 ball 2 books for me ?
im on the losing end but deal
i would like 2 books and 1 ball .
you can have all the hats if i get the 2 books and 1 ball .
i can give you the two books and one hat but i need the ball and two hats
okay that works !
i'll take all the books , you can have the rest
nope . 2 books and the hat
so i get the books and the balls ?
are you serious ? no way . i want 3 books and the hat
no deal
no deal i will offer you the hat
ill offer you no hats
no you get nothing
you get nothing
i will offer you nothing
what deal would you accept if i got the hat instead ?
the hat is also vital to me
i would like the ball and all the hats .
fine deal . i get one ball and one hat .
i need the book and 2 hats
sounds good !
i'm a cowboy who's sick of life on the range . i'm trying to learn me some book reading . could i have the hat and book ?
sorry , i can't do that deal .
its not ideal , but its better than nothing . i'll take the book and a ball .
you can have the book but , i would need everything else
would you be willing to accept the book and one ball ? if not i can not make another deal .
okay deal . thank you !
i would like 2 hats and 2 balls
ok
how about you get 3 hats and 1 ball ?
i need at least one ball and the hat and the book
that will not work . i need the hat and two balls
you can have two balls if i can have the rest
okay great ! thank you !
i would like the balls .
i can't do that . i can give you 1 ball and the book .
i need atleast 2 balls .
that will have to work .
how about i trade a ball for the book ?
a ball for the hat instead then ?
ok , you can have 3 balls if i get the hat
if i can have the book and hat , you can have everything else .
if i have to give up the book , i'd need 3 balls .
same thing . if i have to give up the ball or hat , i'd need 3 balls
very well .
i'd like both hats and the book .
i would like both balls and the book .
deal .
i have to have the ball
how about the ball and 1 hat
if i can have the book and the ball you can have the hats
you can have the ball if i can have everything else
okay that works
gimme ball and hat
gimme ball and 2 books
ok deal
that would work for me
thank you
if i can have the hats you can have the books and the ball
okay great ! thank you !
i can take both books you have the rest of items
perfect , nice doing a deal with you !
deal .
same . i can't do a deal without the ball .
deal .
i want the ball and hat
how about you get the ball i take everything else then
i'm tempted to say yes but i think the system assumes i'm giving in too easily if i accept right away , so this is a filler line
like i said , i'm fine with your offer but the system keeps warning me not to accept right away . but the answer is yes , i take hat and 2 balls
you can have the hat and two balls if i can have the book and two balls
are the balls valuable to you ?
sounds good
i would like the ball and all the hats
i will take the book and give you everything else
deal
gimme ball and book
ok
i can not make that deal . i need the same . if i take the hat and the books you can have the balls
okay , i can not make a deal without the hat
no deal
no deal
no deal
you can have the books , i need the hat and the balls
i can't do that , no deal
no deal
lno deal
no deal
gimme books
both books to me , the rest to you
perhaps
how about a book and a hat ?
is that absolutely necessary ?
okay , deal .
you can have the ball but , i would need everything else
okay , if that is the only deal you can make you can have the book and i will take everything else
okay deal .
can i have the book and ball ?
i really just need the book . everything else is worthless for me .
ok
i would like the hat and the ball . you can have the books
deal
i will give you the hat and the ball , and take all the books . yes .
thanks !
1 book 3 balls for me
same
no deal then
no deal
no deal
if i can have the hats and the book you can have the balls
i can not give up the book
okay i'm sorry no deal .
no deal .
no deal
that deal seems reasonable .
deal . thank you !
can i have the balls and one hat ?
great then
all hats 1 ball and the rest yours
3 hats 1 ball
for m 1 ball 2 hats ys
will you take a ball and a hat
how bout a ball and 2 hats
deal
i would like the 2 books and you may have the hats and ball .
i can't give up a book unfortunately .
yes we are .
ok no deal then ?
ok well 1 book and everything else for you and i will keep 1 book .
deal
i need at least one book
then we are at an impasse
no deal
yep
deal
i will love to have the hat too , but can live without it .
i only want the hat . you can have the rest .
i want one of everything
how about i take a ball and two hats
i need the ball and one other item
deal
how about you take 3 hats ?
no , i need the ball .
how about the ball and 1 hat ?
deal .
you take the books and i get the rest
just give me at least one book so i can have 6
ok so i take hat and one book
if i can have the books you can have the hat and ball
id need the ball then . . . so 2 books and a ball for me . . . thats the best i can do
yep
i can't do that i need the ball and the hats
nope
no deal
no deal
no deal
gimme the books and the hats
you get books , i get hats and ball ?
no deal perhaps
then we talk until button
agreed
i need the hat and ball too so lets split them up , which one is worth more to you ?
i've i take the ball i need two of the books .
i want the hat and the ball , you can have all the books .
i get the hat , you get the ball .
deal , i'll take the hat and one book .
i can take the book and 2 hats
ok
i'd like the ball and some hats . . . you can keep the book and we can talk about the hats
i can accept that . deal .
you can have the hat and balls if i can have the 3 books
deal
i'll do hat and 2 balls .
balls are 1 point for me . no deal .
deal .
ill giv eyou the balls
no deal 4 balls for you ill take the rest
4 balls 1 book thats it
you take either both books or both hats , i get the other and the ball
so i get the hats and the ball
ill take books
hello
i'll take the hats , but i would like at least 1 more item of your choosing .
deal .
i'd like the books and balls , you can have hats
ok i'll take balls and a book , you get hats and a book
hat and two balls for me .
deal .
no ill giv eyou the hat if i can have the rest
okay deal
no deal . i need the hats as well . if i can have two hats and the ball you can have one hat and the book
same for me . no deal will be reached .
it has not populated yet .
no deal .
no deal .
i want all the hats
no deal i need the hats don't want nothing else
hit the no deal button
no deal
no deal
i'd like the ball and two books .
how about i keep the ball and the hat .
i need the ball . you can have everything else .
i really really need that ball . you can have three whole books and a stylish hat .
i think your kids need books more than a ball . i'll even throw in a bonus hat .
i'll give you two books and a hat .
i would like the ball . how about you take all three books ?
i really need the ball . i'll give you everything else .
the hat would look much better on you and you could wear it while reading the books . i need the ball for my kids .
nope . i think we're going to have to go with a no deal .
yeah not going to work , you take two books and one ball and i get the rest
i need it too
no deal
no deal
no
i'll take the hat you can have everything else
i need the hat
guess we have no deal
yup
no deal
i need the hats you can have the ball and book
i'd like to grab a ball , a hat and the book
i can agree to that
hello , i would like a book and a hat . you can have the rest .
sounds good
i can cede both hats but really need the book . . . book and one ball for me
i can not make that deal . i need the book and the hats you can have the balls
i need the book the most and at least one other item
no deal .
no deal
no deal
i would like the book and 1 hat and 1 ball
no can do i need the book and the balls if you want the hats
yeah the book is really non negotiable . so if you won't budge on the book then there will be no deal
no deal
no deal
i am going to need 1 ball , 1 hat , and 1 book .
how about i take the ball , and two hats ?
i will give you a book and a basketball .
sounds fair .
i'd like both balls , rest is negotiable . thoughts ?
can i have 1 ball and the books , you get hat and 1 ball ?
need both balls and hat . you get books , i don't know the readunz
deal
if i can have the balls and the books you can have the ht
i need at least one book as well
deal !
true , but if i get the hat and books you can have the balls
hat and 2 books for me
ok deal
give me both hats
i cant give the ball ill give you 3 hats though
sorry no deal
no deal
no deal
no deal
hi , i would like the ball and hats and you can have the book
sorry i cant make a deal without the ball
ok , no deal
no deal
no deal
sure
hello , ranger , can i have one hat and one ball ?
hello , if i can have the hats i'll let you have everything else .
sounds good !
works for me you get the hats ill get everything else .
may i please have the hat and ball you get the rest
deal
you can have the hat but i need all the balls and the book then
i would like the basketballs and books .
lets do it
if you could spare a book we could deal
i want the ball and 1 hat
ok
if you want the ball , then i want 3 hats and the book .
ok you take all balls and i keep the rest
yeah no hat , you canhave a book
yes
how about i get a hat and 3 ball
so a book and 3 balls ?
deal
i'll take the hat , you can have the rest
hello ! how about i have the hats and a book , and you can have the balls ?
deal .
i would like the book and basketball you can have all the hats
i'm a cowboy who likes to play basketball while both my horse and i wear hats . whadda ya say ?
sorry partner , i just can't abide by that deal / .
the ball and a hat seems fair to me .
i'd be willing to give you the ball , even though i'd be taking a big loss . . . . but in return , i'd need both hats , and both books .
would you take the ball and one hat ? leaving it so that i get both books and one hat ?
done deal .
i can give you the three books but i need the hats and the ball
okay thank you !
i would like 3 books and 1 hat .
hmm , that's fine with me .
you can have the ball . but i want the hats as well . i'll take the book .
so do i . how about i take 1 book and 2 hats ?
same with me . no deal then ?
"no deal was agreed" is unclickable for me
ok .
i need the hats and the ball
i need at least 3 items
that only leaves me 2 items , i have to have 3 or no deal
no deal
keeping messaging and it will eventually light up
take a book and a ball and i keep many hats
u can have all hats me 1 book 1 ball
i like to read . could i have all of the books please ?
deal
i'll give you all the books in exchange for the balls and hats !
what will you trade for a book ?
i want two hats and a ball .
deal .
i'll take the balls and book if you want the hats
three hats
how about two hats and the book ?
i just want two balls
thx
okay deal .
i need the books and 1 hat
no i need a hat
well then no deal
2 books and 1 hat
ok no deal
you can have the books , but i need both hats and the ball
sorry , i can't give up any hats .
no problem . no deal .
still no deal . i need both hats .
ok .
could i have the hats and the one ball ?
deal
you can have the hats , if i can have the ball and two books .
thanks !
i rather like the book also . how about i get the book , you get the ball and we split the hats evenly .
yes , i want the book also . i'll let you have the ball and three hats .
we seem to have reached an impasse then . i need that book .
best offer i can make is i get the book , you get everything else .
i'm afraid we won't be able to reach a deal then .
i would really like the book
i don't want the hats , i only want the book
i don't want the ball
i need the book also .
sorry , but that doesn't work for me . i only want the book
the hat and both books to me
one book each , the hat for me
i need the two books .
can i have the book and 1 hat
i need book and balls
sure , i get the rest ?
hello , i would like a basketball and a hat .
deal .
i would like to offer you two hats
okay you take the ball and the hats i just want the book
yes i just want the book
no . i want the ball .
you mean all three hats ?
how about you take both books and i keep the rest
i'll take the hat ?
i can not accept that offer . if i can have the hat and the book you can have the balls
okay so we need to split the difference if i can have the hat and two balls you can have the book and a ball
great ! thank you !
i would like one of everything .
i would like the hat and book also
deal
i think you would look good in those hats if i get the rest
the ball is a good start , but i need two more items on top of it
they are worth different amounts to both of us , that's the point
only if i can get the books as well
the books and the hats are worth the same as the ball alone , this way we would be even
i would like the hat and the books .
deal .
i want one book
i want book and ball
there are 4 hats , which are nothing for me , i need book & ball to get 3
guess i didn't read the hats correctly , looked at wrong column ; i need book 2 hats
that only leaves me 3 points . what about splitting the hats , you can have the book and i'll take the ball ?
that doesn't add up . the total points are 10 . if the 4 books are worth nothing then the book and ball together have to equal 10 .
that's fine .
i want one book to go with the hats
i need one book to go with the hats
ok no deal then
keep going till it lights up
ok
can i have the books and balls ?
i need the both books
no deal then
no deal
yes , but we could reach a deal , just give me the balls and the two books
i want a book and two hats
i need the book
ok
you can have all the hats , but i would like the book and the ball
so do i . how about i get the book and you get everything esle ?
i need at least hat , so 2 hat for you i take the rest
deal
i shall have all the hats .
that'll work .
hi . ill take the hats and you can have the rest
sounds good
i need the hats and the books
no ill keep 2 hats and 1 book . you can have the balls and 1 book
that is the best deal
1 book and 1 hat is all i can give you
no , can't do that . give me a better deal
can do that
give me hat and balls
give me hat and balls now
i would like the books and ball .
i can't give up the books . do you want anything else ?
interested in splitting the books ?
less than that for me .
you sure we can't work something out ?
ok . sorry .
i need both books to make a deal
nothing else has any value to me
can't finish with 5 points : (
so no deal
no , the math just doesn't work
i would like everything but you can have a ball or two .
i will give you two balls but no book
three balls
you can have as many balls as you want but no book or hat , sorry .
how about just one book ?
how about 2 books ?
i can definitely give you the two balls , but not the book .
come on , the hat is the only one worth any value to me .
ok two books and a hat it is . good game .
umm , if you ask nicely you can have them
no deal
if you were nice they wouldve been all yours
cool
yep
gimme hat and book
gimme hat and book now
agreed
no nice
yes
i can't give up the book , but hats are yours and i'll take two balls ?
correct , does that work for you ?
i need the book and the hats
so i get the hats and 1 ball
yes
i would like three hats and the book .
you can have the books but , i need everything else
no deal . i need the balls and one other item
okay no deal .
no deal .
no deal
give me balls and 2 books
give me all balls you take rest
no deal
agreed
yup
hi there . id like all the books , and you can have the rest .
deal .
alright .
i'd like the hat , the rest to you
deal
hi there ! i'd really be happiest if i can have all 3 books and the ball .
how about i take two books , one hat , and the ball ?
if i can keep both hats , i will agree to that .
this is tough , because that would be unfortunately a very low valued deal for me . i imagine it would be for you as well , if we did it differently .
so i take the ball and one book ?
alright , that'll be the best we can do .
i think we can reach a deal . i can give you the ball , but i need to keep two of the books .
no . my best offer is to give you the ball , one hat , and one book . i'll keep two books and one hat . can we do that ?
you can keep both hats then , and i'll keep the basketball .
let's try to make us both happy here . i'll keep two books , two hats , and you keep the rest . deal ?
yes
hat and ball
yes
okay deal
what would you like
and i get the books ?
deal
i would like 2 balls
i need 2 balls , you can have the hats and the books
thanks
could you get by with just one ?
deal
i want the ball and 2 of the hats . i can offer you 1 hat and the book .
i want the book and 2 of the hats .
ok , deal .
ill take the hat and two balls and leave you the books ?
ok how about this ill take all the books and balls you get the hat ?
ok so i get the books and ball you get the hat .
no deal , i at least want the hat .
deal .
if i get the ball you can have everything else
fine
no deal
no deal
i will take the hat and the book
hat and 2 balls
gimme the book
yes
and i'll take the rest ?
gimme the balls and a book
both balls and one book to me
both books and one ball to me
i want the hat and two books or two balls
i want the hat and one ball then
ok deal
give me the balls and hat
gimme balls and two books
give me hat and book with one ball
gimme balls and one hat
okay
perfect
if i can have the hat you can have the rest
thank you !
can i get one book the hat and one ball
if i could get the hat and books you could have the balls
ok so i'll take the hat and one book
ok
i do not need the hat . . . but can you do any better with the books and the balls ?
i'm assumin you're not going to budge on the balls + 1 book , you get hat and 1 book ?
if that works for you , i'm on board .
hello . i'd like the ball and either two hats , or two books .
i'm definitely not giving up the ball . i need the ball and either two hats , or two books .
how about the ball , one book , and one hat . you get a hat and a book .
how about i take the ball and two books . you keep both hats . i'd be taking a little loss , but i'd be willing to do that .
i'm sorry . i think we'd both be at a loss , but the best offer that i can give you is both hats , i take the ball and both books .
is it a deal ?
thank you .
i would like the ball and one hat .
i can let you have the ball and one book .
i can't accept that offer . i need to have two hats and one book .
i'd be taking a loss as well . is there any way that we can work this out ? two hats and a book would leave me at a value of 5 .
okay , then .
yes
you can have hats , but i want at least 1 book and ball
hats have no value to me
i want the books and hats
can i give you a hat and keep all the books for myself ?
ok , 1 book for you with the ball
i would like the ball and one book atleast
that leaves me in a bad spot , can you move off the ball at all ?
and i get the ball and one book ?
could i have the hat and ball ? and you can take all three books
ok if you give me the original deal , hat + two books i can do that
hey there . . . i'd like the book and balls - will the hats be of value to you ?
i'd be really upset if your hats were 3 points , but that's a deal .
not enough value . how about i get the hats and 1 ball .
they're definitely not . thanks .
no deal
ok the first deal was cool
yes
thx
i would like the hats .
you can have one hat if i get the rest .
i get both books and 1 hat . you get one hat and ball .
ok .
gimme the hat you take rest
i need hat , custom made for me
hmmmm . it's my grandfathers old hat . are we cousins ? omg .
is this a no deal then ?
how about you take the ball
i need the hat and books
along with hat , deal
deal
i need 2 balls and the hat
i need at least 1 of the balls
how about 1 ball and the hat
how about i take both balls and you get the rest
i can do 1 ball 1 hat and 1 book ?
i need the same . maybe we can split the difference i can take the two balls and one book you can have the hat and one book
okay you get one ball and one book
no deal .
no deal .
no deal .
can i have the hats and you get the rest ?
okay , deal .
if i can keep one hat , you can have a book instead .
i'm taking one ball , one hat , and two books ?
the rest to me ?
i suppose that's as fair as we're going to get . deal .
i would like the 2 books please
sure
take all the balls i keep everything else
deal
balls and hats for me
you can have the balls or the hats , i can not do both
no i can not do that . its already going to be a stretch if i give you one or the other .
is the a deal then ?
i would like the balls and the hats
how about the balls and 1 hat
i can take just the balls
i would like all the balls and the book , you take the hat .
ok deal
hey there . i'll take the hat and 2 balls you take the rest ?
how about you take the balls , and i get the hat and the book ?
i can not give up either of the balls . i need both balls and you can have the rest
okay deal . thank you .
i need two balls and the book
okay then take both balls and i will take all the rest
hi i would like the books and balls and you can have the hat
i cant do that . the best i can do is i take both books and you can have the rest
no but i'll take one of each .
ok i'll take the balls and the hat .
you can have the hat and the book if i can have the 3 balls
i either need the 3 balls or i need 2 balls and the book
i take the 3 balls and you take the book and hat ?
deal
what would you like
two balls
ok three balls
yes
i'll take the hat and ball , ok ?
ok
i need ball , you have rest
ok . you can have the books .
sounds fair .
i would like your books
i can give you 1 hat and all the balls
great , i will give you 1 hat and 2 balls for 2 books
me too , more bald then you .
i just want the hats . . . i'm bald
i would like the hat and the book please .
okay , that's a good deal .
i keep the book you get the rest
deal
no can do
i take 3 balls and one book and you keep the rest
so you can have book and two hats and i keep the rest
one book and one ball it is for you only
you take the hats , i take the book and balls
then you have to counter
i have to have the book , you can have the hats and 1 ball
i have to have the book and 1 ball
i would like the book and basketball you can have the 3 hats
no can do the best i can give you is the 3 hats and the basketball
i can't give up the book
i guess we are at a stand still
i really need the book
same
same
no deal without the hat
i mean the book
i need the book , you can have the rest
i absolutely need the book
i can't do anything without the book
so , no deal ?
huh ? you can have both hats and both balls
i have to have both balls , you can have everything else
i would like 2 balls and 2 hats
ok
if i can have the hat and the balls you can have the books
okay great ! thank you !
i want the ball ! you can have the rest . best deal i've gave yet .
i hate the hats and they don't help me at all . just give me the ball . i am michael jordan
hm , that is generous ! how about i take ball and book and you take hats ?
good i am a book worm , ill take book and all hats , you take ball
i can offer both hats and 1 book
i can't give the ball , i'll offer both books
i can't do that deal , i can offer 2 books and 1 hat
afraid we aren't going to make a deal on this one
when does no deal show up as selectable , do you know ?
i would like the basketball and the books you can have the hats
no deal . i would like the basketball and one book and one hat you can have one book and one hat
i'll take both book and hats you can have the basketball
i can't do that . i'll take one book and the basketball you can take the other book and both hats
it's not looking that way
right now : )
i would like to have both hats and the book . i will definitely give you both balls if you agree to this .
would you take the book and one ball , and i will take the rest ?
deal
i'm interested in the book and both balls , or the book and one hat
i can't agree to that
that would be great with me
deal
hi , can i have the books ?
sorry , that does not work for me
can i at least have one of them ?
ok , i agree to your initial offer then .
gimme the book and one hat
same , no deal
i would like a book and both basketballs
deal
id like a book and a hat .
no way , how about you get both hats and both balls but i get the book ?
agreed .
deal .
hello , how about the ball and 2 hats for me , 2 hats and the book for you ?
cool . pleasure doin business with ya .
it's very important to me to get the basketball . it has a lot of sentimental value to me . i'll give you three books for it .
well , i think i should get the hat as well . you're getting three things that way and i'm only getting two . seems fair .
well , we need to work out a deal here . i'll take the basketball and two books if you want 1 book and the hat .
okay !
and the hat for me ?
thats not how this works
ok
ill take the hats and you can have the rest
the books are no value to me . i need both hats
they are also no valueto me
deal ty
what if you take 1 hat and 2 books
can you use a ball
ok you take the hats and i get the rest
if i can have the hat and the ball you can have the books
no , that won't work for me . i can not make a deal without the hat
i need the ball and book , you can have the three hats
i can't make that deal . i need at least the ball
okay , no deal
no deal , when does the no deal button appear
nd
i need the ball or no deal
then no deal
nd
after a few exchanges
nd
i only want the ball , you can have the rest
can't give you the ball , sorry
so be it , only the ball is worth something to me
can i have the hat , two balls and one book ?
deal
i will give you 2 ball and 1 book
the balls are yours but i must have the ball
i meant i need the book . . . the book is primary to me and you can have the rest
done
i need the book and two balls
i can give you one ball and two hats
sure
deal .
i'll take the hats . you can have the rest .
deal
i would like 2 books . you can have the rest
i'll give you the ball and hat . . .
that's a deal .
i'll take the ball and the book
ball and all the hats
ok thanks
i want the hats and balls
i'll give you all the hats and books for the balls
i would prefer getting the book and balls and at least one hat .
ok , that works , i guess .
no go . give me the hat and take the rest .
okay . then you take the hat and i take the rest . these are your choices .
deal .
i want the hat and 2 balls . you can have the other 2 balls and the book
the hat is the only thing worth something for me
that's fine with me
i need the hat and a book
i can give you all three balls , but i need that hat
i'll take the hat and both books ? you have all the balls ?
you can have both books and the hat if i can have all 3 balls
go ahead
i want all the balls and the book
no , the book , 2 balls and a hat
the book and 2 hats , final offer
add a ball and you have a deal
just the balls , you can have the rest
1 book , 2 balls
i could give you 1 book if i can have the hats and the other book .
i need the book , you can have the rest
sounds good
i'll take the book and the hat , and one ball and you can have the rest of the balls
okay , i can deal with that .
can i have the hats and a book please ?
i have the hats , but i will need either a book or a ball . or no deal .
deal .
you can have the hats , i would need everything else
take the hats and a book
i can give you both books
how about both books and one hat
no , you can't get both books a hat and a ball . i think it's more than fair to get one hat and both books , leaving us with three and three
i understand that , but you're not taking the majority of items , or the value that comes with them .
no deal
you get both books and a hat
can't do that
i really need both hats and 1 book
only if you throw a ball in also
it doesn't matter the number of objects , it is about the value assigned to each object
you can't see my values , you don't know what i am getting my final offer is both books , 1 hat and 1 ball
what is your final offer
both hats and a book and we have a deal
id like the book and the rest for you
super
ya ok .
i need the balls and one book
deal
you can have the balls but i get the books and the hat .
i'll take 3 books and a ball
i'll take 2 books and the 2 balls
okay so how about 2 books and the hat for me
no take two and a ball
i need a ball too
good
i would like the hats and book please
2 hats and one ball ?
i really need both hats
can you part with either the book or the ball ?
that'll work . i don't want you to get shafted or anything .
if i can have the book and the ball i will give you the hats
i really can not . can we make it happen with me taking both or will that not work for you ?
i don't want you to get shafted either . okay so i will take the book and ball and you can have the hats
if i can have the books you can have everything else
great ! thank you !
ok
hat and balls to me
deal
hat and books for me
hat for me , everything else to you
deal .
i want both hats and the book
okay so i take the book and both hats
i would like the ball , and one book , if that's okay ?
deal .
alright , that sounds good .
if i can have the book and one hat you can have the rest
thank you !
ill take two balls and thehat
i just want the ball
thx
i need the hat . . . . . i would take the hat and a book
ok . . . . take the ball and i'll take the rest
two hats and books for me
hi , can i have the 2 balls and a hat ?
sure , deal
i'd like 1 of each please
you can have the ball , but i need the book and at least 2 hats .
you can have the ball and 1 hat in order for it to be worth it for me
deal
i definitely need the ball and i really would need the hats too to make it worth it . . .
can i have the ball and two hats ?
deal .
i'll give you two balls and one hat .
two books and one hat .
no ball . i'll give you everything else /
nope .
deal
i need the ball and the hat
you mean 2 books ?
i need the ball
how about i take the ball and you get everything else ?
ok you take the ball i will have everything else
i'd all the hats and books
how about i get all the books and 1 hat ?
no deal i will take the basketballs and the book and you can have the hats
deal
take books and hat , i'll take the ball .
i'd like books and 1 hat or 1 ball .
just the ball ?
ok deal
all i need is the book
i'll give you a book and 1 hat
how about i give you 2 balls , 3 hats and no book ?
i would like either all of the hats or two hats and one book and you can keep the rest
how about giving me a book a hat and two balls then ?
sounds good
you can have all the balls and books , i just need the hat
can i have 2 books , a hat and 2 balls ?
ok
i would like just the hat , you can have rest
i would like one of each
deal
i'll take the balls if you want book and hat
ok
i would like both books and the hat
ok deal
okay
what items do you want ?
dream on . i'll take the hats - you get book and balls .
i need the hats
okay - you get 2 balls & book
the balls and 2 hats
how about balls 1 book and 1 hat
ok you take the hats
deal
hi , i need the book and 2 hats
sure , i`ll take the book and one hat
how about i get one of your hats ?
i need the book and ball
a book and three hats for me ?
two hats and the book
cant be a deal without two hats and the book , or three hats and the ball
book and a hat for me
i would like the book and the ball
i will give you one or the other but not both
i will give you the book an 1 hat
can't do it unless i get the book and the ball then you can have all three hats
sorry i get the book and the ball and you get three hats or you get the book and 1 hat that is the only 2 deals i can offer
yes
i would like the book and 1 ball
if i can have the hats and the ball you can have the books
i really need the hats and the ball to make this work
thank you .
can i have the books and 1 hat ?
okay deal
you can have the hat but , i would need the rest
i need the balls as well . can we split them /
deal . thank you .
hello , may i have the hat and the balls ? you can have 4 books .
i will need at least the 2 balls . would you like the hat and 4 books ?
okay , can i have 1 ball and the hat then ? you can have 1 ball and the books
and i get 1 ball ? no . i'll take the book and balls
book and balls
book and balls
ok , 2 balls and book
i'll take all the hats and 2 of the balls and the book .
fine you can have the book and 1 ball .
2 balls and the book .
no , you can't have all the balls . 2 balls and that's my final offer .
deal .
if i can have the hat and the book you can have the balls
no , i can not make a deal without the hat
book and 1 ball
i can give you the book if i get the rest
deal
what would you like
i need the book
bool and one hat
no . i'd like hat and ball .
that's only 4 points . i can do all 4 books and the ball or the hat and 2 books .
have to have two books with the hat .
i'd like one of each kind of item . you can have the remaining three books .
yes , they are nice . i'd like them also . i can let you have all 4 books .
how about i get the ball and three books , you get the hat and the other book .
deal .
i need all the books and one hat
i can give you one book and the balls
i need 1 book 1 hat and two balls
i can give you one book and the balls
you can have all the hats and balls
work with me here
i will give you the hat
sorry i cannot make a deal unless i have the books and the balls .
sorry i cannot take the deal i would need 2 books and 2 balls at the least
cant make a deal with you
no deal
nodeal
i cant i told you what i need not what i want i cannot make a deal with you
sorry i cant do that . i need the hat and books
sorry the best i can do is offer you the balls and 1 book
i understand . no deal
no deal
no deal
hi , can i have one hat , two books and 2 balls ?
how abou i`ll take the hats and the balls ?
sorry that leaves me with 4 points . no deal
no deal
no deal
okay
i would like the hat and the ball .
deal
i want the hat , and you can have the rest .
can i have the book , 1 hat and 2 balls
how about all the hats and no ball ?
hats are 0 for me . . .
ok , you can have the ball , and take the hats too . deal .
i would like the ball and two hats
sorry that won't work . how about ball and one hat ?
not much more than that for me either . what if i just got the ball ?
i need the book , you may have everything else .
i would like the book and hats you can have the basketball
deal
you can have the hats , but i have to have the book and will take the balls .
i have to have the book .
the hats have no points for me .
no book no deal for me .
i'd like the hats . would you like the book and the ball ?
great , thanks !
agreed
give me teh ball and ahts
give me the ball and 2 hats and one book
no deal
for me , agreed
agreed , yes
no deal
no deal
3 books 1 ball 2 hats
no for me
no , how about i get both books and you can get a hat
ok you can have 1 basketball and ill have the other and the 2 books and the hat
i would like 2 books please
how about a basketball and a hay
that book a big ticket item for yuo ?
well now that book isn't much for me , i'd like two balls and the book or three balls and a hat .
deal
i'll take the two hats and the balls . you can have the book .
okay you can have 2 balls and the book . i'll take 2 hats and 1 ball .
i would just like the ball , please .
ok fine , is that your best offer
no we ll go with 2 balls and one hat for you
i need 2 balls and 1 hat .
or you take all the hats , i get the rest .
okay
you can have the balls and hat if i can have the book
ok you take one book , and one hat
ok dea
i need both books and you can have everything else
hello , may i have the hats and books and you can have the balls ?
okay deal , 1 book 3 balls for you , 1 book 2 hats for me
i want one book to go with the balls
i can offer the balls
i can't give the hat , i can offer the balls 1 book
i guess we can't make a deal then , i lose if i give the hat up
no , i have to have at least the hat 1 book
or i can offer the hat and 1 ball
no , i worded that badly , i would need the hat and 1 ball , you have 1 book and both balls
i need the hat and 1 book
i only have value for the hat
i will come out badly but you take the hat and i get the rest ?
no way cant do that
me have the hat ?
best i can do is guve you a hat and a book i know im being alittle selfish
deal
hi there . i'd love the book and a hat or two .
hat and book sounds okay to me . deal .
i'd like the hats
deal
i would need one of each item
okay great ! thank you !
deal
i would like one hat , all else to you
i need the hat and both balls
ill take the hat and 1 ball
deal
you can have the hat , i'll take everything else
ok
okay
i need all the balls and the book
how about some basketballs for you and books for me ?
ok
ok
and i get the hat ?
great thanks
okay that is fine with me .
i'll let you have 3 balls and a hat if i can have the book and a hat .
what would you like
yeah i need to be rich too , so one ball and one hat for you
one hat and book for you
an icecream and the book and three balls
i need the book and two other items
yeah ok
i'll give you everything else for the two books
deal
i need the books and the ball you can have the hats
okay deal .
i would like everything
i need the hats and the ball
give me balls and one book
deal
i'll take the books and hat , you can have the balls
i'll take the books you can have the hat and balls
just the ball
yes for a ball
for how many ball ?
no u said all the hats
ur just wasting time the bonus isn't that great
i will give you four hats and 1 ball for the book
you can have all of the hats if i can have the book and the ball .
can i have one of the hats too then ?
okay , so i get one hat and the ball ?
one ball
yes , originally i offered all the hats to you if i could have the book and the ball .
that's okay , i want to do this right . so what do you need from this deal ?
okay , that sounds good . thanks .
i want the hat . i'll give you the rest , but would like a book too .
deal .
i will give you a hat and a book
i need 2 books and the balls
ok how about i take 2 balls and 1 book
you can have both balls if i can have the books and hat
i cannot give up two books as they are most valuable to me . i could give you one
deal
ok you take all hats and i keep the rest
one ball
hats and one ball for you
i can't do that ,
i need books and you keep the rest
i'd like a book along with the hats
what do i get along with the ball ?
i'd prefer the hats and one book , or i'll take 2 hats and both books
okay send me your final offer .
done
i need the hat and balls
i'll take the hat and one ball , and you can have the rest
i need the hat as well , so we are at an impasse
i need the book . . . i can give the rest
ok
i need the ball and hat you can have all the books .
i lose the hat i need two of the books .
i will take the hat and ball .
you can have the ball if i can have the books and the hat .
i'll take all the books , but i really need the hat . you can have the ball .
can't do . you can have the hat and ball .
deal .
i'd like a book and a hat
cool . . . . . i'll accept tht =)
no book but you can take a ball with two hats
deal
ill take 2 hats and 1 book
ok
i ; d be happy with the ball and a hat
how about i take a hat and a book then
shoot that's what i'm looking for too . . . can i have the ball ?
okay that sounds like a deal .
never
sorry , not being rude , how about you get one ball and one book
grea
hi i would like the ball and hats and you can have the books
ok . . . so how about a counter offer instead of being rude ?
ok , i can do that
i need the hat but you can have all the books and a basketball
how about i get the hat and both basketballs and you can have the books ?
i really want the hat too , but i'll give it to you if i can have both balls and all the books .
i really want the book , but you can have everything else
okay deal
i'll take the book and 2 hats , and you take the rest ?
i need the book . you can have the rest .
i would be interested in the hat and 2 balls
sorry . meant hat(s) . you can have everything else in exchange for the book ?
deal .
hello there ! i'd like the basketballs ; you can have everything else .
if i get the rest deal
i'd love just the books .
yes , deal .
i would love the books and the hat
sure
how about 2 books and a hat ?
hey there . so , if i get the book and both balls , you can have both hats .
awesome .
ok , lets do it
if i can have the book and the balls you can have the hat
you can have the book if i can have the rest
great ! thank you !
i'd like the book and the hat .
i have absolutely have to have atleast the book or i can't make a deal .
deal .
i just want a hat . . i'm bald
sure thing , i just want a basketball
i'd like hat and book .
either i need the hat and book or the hat and all balls .
that's 4 points . i won't deal for less than 6 . i can do the book and 2 balls .
guess we'll have to agree no deal .
exactly . how is it fair you're only offering me 2 out of 4 items . i offered you 3 seperate deals . those are the only ones i can offer that get me at least 6 points .
your deals do the same to me .
you can have the hat and 1 ball
not going to happen . you i get the hat and 2 balls
nope , the book and 1 ball or the hat and 1 ball
you can't just have what you want , you have to negotiate .
any of your deals screw me .
i could do with 1 book and 2 balls . . .
that doesn't seem fair . so in that case i will take all 3 of the books .
now i actually want 1 of each , you can have the rest .
deal
i really like the hat and 2 books seems fair
you said you wanted 1 book and 2 balls ?
i want the hat and 1 book
i need the book and 2 hats
i need the book you can have the rest
deal
you can have all 3 hats if i can have the book and the ball .
okay , i will take the hats and ball and you can have the book .
you can have the hats and 1 ball , sure .
could i have the hats and one ball ?
i would like the book , the rest to you
okay , you take the book , i'll take the rest
deal
i would like 1 book and 1 ball
no . that would leave me 2 / 10
i need the book and the ball . you can have all of the hats
i'd like the balls and the book or a hat .
that'll do . good day !
i would like the hats and i will give you everything else
i will give you the balls and the book . would that work for you ?
i can offer 1 book and 1 ball
deal
i want the ball and two hats
hmmm . ok
i could not give up both books
i would need the hat , one book , and one ball
i would like 2 books and 2 balls
how about one book and 3 balls
deal
i want the books and hat
so deal ?
if i can have the balls and the hat you can have the books
okay that seems reasonable .
deal
just both books
you take all books and give me the rest
thx
i would like both books , and then either a hat or a ball
can you not share atleast one book ?
fine i will give you that deal
i would like the book and the balls and you get the hats
if i can have the book , you can have the rest
okay
give me balls and hat
gimme both balls , you take rest
one ball one hat 2 books
yup
not yet
me too
i can give you 1 hat and 2 books
that wont work for me . . no deal . . do you want to counter ?
no deal
cant enter no deal yet
sorry we couldnt make it work
no problem , can i take all 3 balls ?
deal
i would like the book and the hat .
deal .
gimme hat
hat for me , you take all rest
no deal ?
waitin for button
hmmmmm nope
i would like one of each .
i will agree to you having all the books .
nope , i can't agree to that , i need one of each .
guess it's a no deal .
still don't have the no deal button on this side either , final offer one each of the book , hat and ball to me .
deal
i'll take the hats , you can have everything else
you take all balls and i keep the rest
one book
no can do , i need three hats and one book and you keep the rest
three hats and one book
so keep talking
sorry , i need 2 books and one ball
if i take one book , i need 2 balls and 2 hats
3 hats and one ball for you , how about this ? : d
no , i won`t give up any books
no deal , ok keep talking
deal
give me the ball and one book and rest is all yours
i'll take the hat . you can have the rest .
ok , that's a good deal .
i would like hat and 1 ball
okay
deal .
deal
hello , can i have the balls and books ?
alright , 2 books 2 balls for me , 3 hats for you . thank you .
i'll take the ball and books you can have the hats
ok
no deal . i need the books as well . if i can have one book and the hats you can have the rest
deal . thank you .
sounds good to me
can i get the hats you get ball and books .
okay deal
i appreciate the hats but could i have 1 book with that ?
i need at least 1 book or 1 ball to make a deal
ok . thanks
i want two balls and two books please
i can give you the three hats if you could give me the rest
okay then take one book and three hats
no can do , i need all of the books .
ok you can have the ball and the hat .
gimme the ball and a book
gimme ball and hat then
how about i get the balls and the book and you can have the hats ?
sounds perfect
ok deal
if i can have the balls you can have everything else
thank you !
you can have the balls if i can have all books and all hats .
okay , done .
i'd like the balls .
deal .
how about two balls and a hat ?
ok you can have the book
agreed
i just want the book you can have everything else
cant do that i need just the book
agreed
if i can have the hat and the ball you can have all of the books
unfortunately , that will not work . i need both the hat and the ball
i definitely can not budge on the ball . if you need the hat we can split the books
perfect ! thank you !
hi , how about i take the hat and one ball
ok
deal .
you can have the hats if i can have the book and ball
i take all the hats and 1 ball .
ok
take your hats , leave me the rest .
hi , id like a ball and 2 hats .
sounds great !
both hats to me , you have all the rest
deal
i would like the book and 2 hats pleae
i would like the book and 2 balls
ok deal
that sounds fair to me .
must have ball
books are 0 for me - no deal
no deal can be agreed then
i can't agree to a score of less than 5
we just chose the no deal button
i can let you have the hat and one of the books .
unfortunately the ball is the most valuable for me . i can give you the hat and two books .
that's unfortunate . there's no way i can let you have the ball .
i hate it when that happens . i can give you everything else if i get the ball . my best possible offer .
exactly . that ball is more than 5 for me so i have the same problem .
yes .
what about the balls
okay sounds good
i will give all the hats for the book
sure , you can have those too
i want two books and one hat . you can take the rest
no thanks . i want two books and one hat or no deal
all books to me , you have all the rest
two books for me , and one ball
sure you can have them
sounds good
i would like to have the book and all the balls
great
i just want books .
well i'll take a hat and three balls then
you can have the hats .
no way .
i will take one book and the ball .
ok , i will take the books . you get the rest .
ill take two books and the ball .
i can give you the books for the hats .
i'm going to need both books for the ball .
deal
you can have the hats , but i need the book and both balls .
no . i need the book and both balls .
i can't give you that . at the very least i would need 1 book and 1 ball .
could i have a book and both hats
so i can have the books and both hats ?
is i give you the book i will need everything else
hello , how about i get a hat and 2 books , you can have 2 books and the ball ?
i really need the hat also haha , can you make the same deal ? i get the hat and you can have the rest ?
that only gives me 3 points . what about i take the hat and you can have the rest ?
deal .
if i can have the hat and the book you can have the balls
if you take the hat i would need everything else
okay thank you !
im sorry . . . the hats where its at for me . . . i can cede the book and two balls
ok , done
gimme hat , the rest is yours !
deal .
i would like 1 of each item
i will take the hat and 1 ball and give you both books and 1 ball
sorry i sense that will be a very bad deal for me . . i need 1 ball and the hat you can take the rest
ok deal
i can part with the hat and a book - that gives me both balls and a book
doesnt work for me . . . best i can do is both balls for me , all else for you
not great but ill do that
i go for all three balls
i would like the book
i need both books and atleast one hat
i will take the books and nothing else ?
fine the hats and one book will work . . time is money
hi i would like the books and balls and you can have the hats
i can offer you the hats and 1 book
sorry , looks like we wont be able to reach a deal
can i have the ball and two books
deal .
the ball is all yours . i'd really like if you took just one of the books .
i would like the hat and the balls .
sounds good ! thanks
i would like the hat and two of the books .
i would offer you 1 book and the basketball , i get the hat and 2 books .
ok , i will take 2 books and the hat , the rest is yours .
i`ll take the hat and the ball
good , is this task over ? or do we have to do anything else ?
agreed i will take the three books
i'd like the hats and one ball .
deal
deal
one book one ball to me , all else to you
gimme the hat and ball
can't read , don't need books
ball and hat for me , deal
hat or no deal
agreed
i want the ball and book
deal !
i would like the hat and 1 book .
deal .
i can give you the hat if i can have the balls and books
i just want the ball and hat
deal
deal
hat is all i need
alright so i will take the hat and you get 3 books and the ball deal ?
how about you give me the books and take the rest ?
is that your final offer ? that is not that great for me .
ok , i agree .
i'd like 1 of each please .
i'll take 1 hat , and 1 book and you can have the rest .
sorry , yes , i'm not working with much .
okay , thanks .
what would you like
deal
the book and onne ball
i want 1 book and 1 ball , you take 2 hat , deal
i don't have 3 ball holds 2 ball
deal
i want 3 balls and i will give you 1 book and 1 hat
the i will take 2 balls and 1 hat and give you 1 book and 1 hat . . deal ?
i would like the books , balls and a hat please .
i can give you all the hats but i need the balls
no i need all three balls after all it's a how to basketball book and i'm trying to feild a team .
i can let you have one of the balls and make do with two .
well if you need two balls then i would need 2 hats
i would like the hats and balls
can i get the hats and 2 balls ?
sorry no deal
sorry i need at least 2 balls and the hats to make a deal
sorry no deal
i need the hat and the balls
i have to have the hat
no deal
no deal
no deal
hi i would like the hat and books and you can have the balls
sorry thats the best deal i can make without losing more points
ok . no deal
no deal
no deal
i want a ball and 2 hats please .
i would like the basketball and hats . would you like the books ?
i can do one hat , but can't let go of the ball . sorry .
ok . i'll take the two books and one ball . you get two hats .
deal !
no , i need the basketball and one hat
can i have 2 hats and the rest to you
deal
i would like the ball as well , make me another deal .
i agree to that .
if i can have the ball and the books you can have the hats
i can not give up the ball . . . are you willing to make another deal where i can get the ball ? if i can get the ball you can have the rest
okay great ! thank you !
i would need 3 books and the ball
ok deal
hello , may i have the hats and ball ? you can have all the books .
okay , if i can have both hats you can have the rest .
okay i will accept that deal .
i'll give you 1 of each
i need at least one of the hats and the books
okay thank you !
i would like the hats and the ball .
ok , i will take a hat and the ball then .
you can have the ball and nothing else .
deal
i would like the ball and books
i need the ball and atleast 1 book
deal
i would like the basketball and both hats
no , i need the basketball and 1 book
yes
how about 2 books instead of the ball ?
ok 1 book and 1 ball for you . 2 hats and 2 books for me ?
both balls to me , the rest to you
deal
i like the balls
lmao now i need a hat too
for calling me a dude i really need the hat now
that sounds fair since you gave me a good laugh
yeah you love the balls . you can have both of em .
dude , you can have both of those balls , and 2 books , but that hat is staying with me .
i will give you that hat , ma'am , if that's what you really want . but i'm gonna go ahead and take both balls and all 3 books .
deal
i get both balls and a hat , you get 2 books
i can offer a straight split - you get 2 hats and a ball , and i get 2 books and a ball .
agreed . i get 2 books and a hat .
what are you looking at here ?
i want the basketball and either both books or both hats .
can i take a basketball and both books ?
want a book ?
how bout a basketball and a book
one book
two hats and one book please .
that doesn't sound great . how about i keep the two hats and you can have everything else .
i can not make that deal . i need those items as well . if you take the book i would need everything else
okay deal
i'd like the book and 1 hat .
balls are 0 to me . i can do the book and 1 hat or just both hats .
i need the book . and 1 hat . you can have the rest .
both hats is fine
i also like the hat
ok , deal
i'd like the books and the hat .
i need the hat the most . you can have everything else .
i'd like both hits , you can have the rest
deal
that sounds good to me .
deal .
i dont need the balls , i would rather have the hats
same here unfortunately
ok no deal
no deal
no deal .
if i can have the book and the hat you can have the balls
i need the hat or i can not make a deal .
okay no deal .
i'm sorry . no deal .
no deal .
i will take the basketball and books you take the hats
great i will take the basketball and 1 book you take 1 book and 1 hat
i would like to have hats and one book
i will take 2 hats and 1 book
if you get the book i need hat and all balls . otherwise i can take book and hat and you can have all the balls .
deal .
i will give you 2 balls and a hat for a book
how about three balls , and the hat for the book ?
deal
deal
o want the hats . you take the rest .
hi , i would like the book and hats and you can have the ball
deal , thanks
ok , sounds good
how about you take the hat and i'll take the books and balls
then give me the hat , one book , and one ball .
it's either the hat or the books , take your pick .
i just can't do that .
okay , deal
i'd love me a hat and book
not willing to part even with one book
well now i didn't mention anything about that hat , now your are just being silly .
i'd like the hat and one of the books and in exchage you can have all three basketballs and the other book . that is what im selling
not with that attitude , how about the hat and 1 ball then .
hat and three balls for me
hat and balls
no deal then , keep the chat rolling
i need the same
no deal then
i'd like the hat , the balls and a book
take the balls , i get the rest
can't do it . either take my last offer , or if you want the hat i get everything else
i need the hat then and 3 of the remaining items .
i don't think we're going to agree . no deal ?
no deal . i can do one of each or 2 hats and 2 balls .
i can also do the book and the balls .
me . i'm talking about me .
hi . ill take the hats and book and you can have the balls
sorry , neither work for me
you keep the book and the balls ? or you want me to have the book and the balls ?
yeah you can have the book and the balls . ill keep the hats
you're welcome to have the ball . i'd like the hat , and three books .
can't do that . at the very least , i'd need two books and the hat . i'd be willing to give you the ball and one book .
dea ;
i want the ball and all the books .
i'll take the ball , but i want either the hat or two book with it .
ok deal
i will need at least two objects with the hats .
deal .
id like the books and the balls . . . all hats would be yours
hmmm , , , how about the hats and 1 ball . . . i get the books and 1 ball . . .
can i get the books and the hat ?
how about i take the books and you can have the rest ?
you get hat i get rest ?
deal
that's funny because i need the ball and the hat
that definitely won't work . i need atleast the ball and 2 books .
ok , well either i get all the books and the hat or it's a no deal .
if i can have the ball and the hats you can have the books
okay then lets split the difference if i can have the ball and two books you can have the hat and one book
i need the ball or i can not make a deal
okay we can make that deal . i will take the ball and you can take the rest
i want the hats two
deal
that is reasonable . deal .
if i get all the balls that works for me .
can i have both hats and books ?
i just wants books .
deal .
let me get that ball and a book !
i'll take the ball and a hat then
ok how about you get two hats
ok how about i give you three hats and call it even
ok then only the ball
no book
one hat
i can take the two hats , but also want the ball
no , still want the ball
the ball , a book and a hat
2 hats and a ball for me ?
i need 1 hat and 2 books
great ! thanks
okay i can do that
could i have the book and a hat
if i accept the book i will also need 2 hats
deal
you can have the book but , i need the hats and the ball
no deal . if i can have the hats you can have the book and the ball
okay deal . thank you .
give me hat and all books
i would like 3 balls and 1 hat you can have all the books
k deal
how about you get three books
ok good job
that works for me . deal .
can i at least get 1 of the books . you can have the ball and 2 books .
ok , thanks
i want the books you take the rest
deal to be fair : )
can i have the basketball and 2 hats ?
i need the ball . you can have the books . how about i take a ball and hat ?
yes
i can't make that deal . if i can have the ball and two books i will give you two hats and one book
i can't do that . can i have the books and the hats and you can have the ball ?
perfect ! so you get the ball and i get everything else .
i need ball and all books
yeah i need the balls too
ball or no deal
no deal
no deal
if i can have the hats and the ball you can have the books
you can have the books but , i need the ball
i can't give you all of that . if you want one hat you can have that instead
no deal
no deal
how about you just take the hat
okay you take one hat and one book
hello . i would like the hat and a book . you can have the rest .
a hat and a book is more than fair here .
i'd like both books
both books and you get everything else
deal .
i can't give you both books , how about i give you 1 book
no i really need at least 1 book . i can give you 2 hats and 1 book
i would like the ball and 2 books . you can have the hat and 2 books .
i have to have the ball for sure . the other items are negotiable to me .
the other items have no value for me so i must have the ball .
how do we submit this hit ?
no deal .
i have to have the ball and one other item or no deal
i can't give up the ball , so i guess no deal
then we can't make a deal
keep messaging until the no deal button lights up
no deal
two books of my books for the ball
one hat for the ball
you want 2 hats and a book correct
i'd like hats . you can have the rest .
the ball is worth 0 for me . i can do 2 hats and a book . you can have the rest .
yes .
i'd like the hat and ball please .
deal
sure , if i can have the books .
gimme all balls
a bit costly to me
ok
i need at least 1 ball to go with my 1 hat and 1 book
okay , i can work with 1 book and 1 hat . deal ?
i get the ball and two books you get the rest
deal
you can have the ball and 1 book
give me all balls and the hat
take hat , all balls to me
i will agree to that if you give me one additional object .
ok , deal .
i would like the basketballs . you can have the rest .
great !
sounds more than fair to me .
i would like a ball and at least 1 hat please
ok you can both hats if i get the ball and 1 book
ok thanks
i dont know those hats are mighty fine .
okay that seems reasonable then .
so i take 2 books ?
cann i just have 2 books annd 1 ball
deal
i need hats thoguh
is that your best offer
book is ten
yes
i would like one of each object .
just let me have the book and take everything else .
yes .
do we have a deal ?
hi , can i have the ball and 2 hats ?
sorry , i can`t deal without the ball
same , sorry no deal then
no deal
no deal
no , i need the ball
me too , it has the highest value for me
no deal
no deal
ok , no deal
ya i can work with that .
ill take two balls and thehat
i need the ball or i can not make a deal
no deal
no deal
no deal
no dea
hi i would like the ball and hats and you can have the books
ok . no deal then
no deal
no deals
no deal
sorry cant give you all three i can give you 2
no
2 hats 1 book
okay deal
oh this is ugly . i'd like to keep all 3 hats . what's your offer ?
2 hats and a ball ?
2 hats and 2 books ?
eh , i'll concede on this one ; 2 hats , 1 book .
i'd like ball . you can have the rest .
ball is 10 for me . that's the only deal i can do .
no deal till button .
no deal
nada
i'd like the ball and you can have the rest !
ok , it's 10 for me , too , bummer
ok ,
nope , but it's an impossible situation for us both
nope
you take the hats , i keep the books and the balls
you can have the hats and 1 ball
that does not work for me , i need the hats and at least one ball
i would like the ball and 2 books , you have have all the hats and 1 book
i need at least 1 book
all the books and all the hats
ok . i can give you one book
balls are worth a lot for me so i won't trade it
ok that sounds like a good deal
i'll take hats , you can have the rest .
that's perfect for me , actually .
if i get the balls you can have the rest
ok great
i would like the books , you can have the rest
what would you like
deal
gimme the ball
do we wait until button appears ?
the button awaits , i need the ball
only when the button appears after we went back and forth enough
soon . . . . soon
no deal
no i can give you three bookks
then click on no deal
ok no deal
no deal
ok , i get all hats
i would love the book and two balls
i'd like the book and hat and we can split the balls .
i'll take the book . you take the hat and we split the balls . good ?
no . that won't work for me . we'd have to split them .
deal .
thank you , too !
you can have the book . can i have the hat & the balls ?
can i have 3 balls ?
then i'll take the book & 1 ball ? deal ?
thanks
i'd like the balls . you can have the rest .
fair enough
i want the ball and the book
then i will accept the ball and 1 hat .
i want the book and 2 hats
i absolutly need the book
if i can have the hat and the books you can have the balls
no , i need the hat or i can not make a deal
okay deal .
would you give up the hat for anything ?
give me everything else then .
ok deal
i would like the book and hats
i'd like hat and 1 ball .
ok deal
let me get two balls and a book
sorry , i need the hats and book , you can have all the balls .
okay , i get 1 book , 1 hat and 2 balls . deal ?
i would like the hats .
give me one hat and take everything else or we cannot make a deal .
i would like the hat and books .
deal .
no deal . i can have 1 book and 2 balls . you get the rest ?
i cannot give up the ball as it is most valuable to me
i can agree to that
how about i take the ball and two hats , you get the books and the other hat ?
i can let you have the ball if i get everything else .
i cannot give up the ball .
deal
if i can have the books and the ball you can have all of the hats
okay then can i have both books and two hats ?
okay great !
hello , may i have the ball and the hats ? you can have all 4 books .
i will need at least the ball . you can have everything else if i can have the ball .
i'm afraid we will not be able to agree on a deal then , as we both highly value the ball .
yes , sounds good .
no deal button , please appear . lol .
i need ball and 2 books
hmmm . same offer to you , i get ball you take rest
true , no deal button appear please
i concur
kazaam
deal
i'd like the hat and books , you take the balls .
deal
no deal . you can have both books and i'll take the ball and hats
deal
i want the books the ball and one hat
i want the books and the ball you can have the hats
i would like the hat and the book
it is a hat to be coveted and i desire it greatly along with the good read that book is going to be
i need the shelter from the weather that the hat would provide my head , won't you give that to me along with the good book please
i thank you as i'm not a sporty kind of girl . my head thanks you as does my heart which will enjoy the book immensely .
id like the hat and two balls , the book and one ball for you
i really covet that hat
i bequeath the book gladly but need the sustenance of the word and a ball for play
i shall honor your request and will take the three balls and go sit in a corner
i'd like balls and 1 book .
no deal . hats are worthless to me . i can do 1 ball and 2 books for me .
what are hats for you ?
then you take 2 hats , 1 book and a ball .
no , no - best is 2 books 1 ball for me
looks like we need the same ; let's do 1 of each
1
agreed
i would like the books and the ball ?
ok that is a good deal .
i'd like only the ball
i'd really like both books . what are you looking at ?
the books are the only things that have value for me , so i can't make a deal without them .
no deal
no deal
no deal
you get two balls and i keep the rest
so we got ourselvs a no deal , keep sending message until the no deal sign comes
no deal 7
no deal
no deal
i have to have book . you can have the rest .
you can have all the balls if i can have the hat and the book
deal
sorry no , i would like the 3 books and 2 hats
the balls i have no issue with , but if you take 2 books then its unfair on my side
okay , no deal
you need to keep typing no deal til the green button appears
still no deal
hi , i just want the 2 balls and 2 books
does not work for me . i really need 2 of each or it`s not fair on my side
then no deal . sorry
ok
no deal
want book and 2 balls
sorry i meant i want book and 2 balls
ok
are you asking me ? yes , i'd like the book and balls .
how about i take the balls and you get the book and hats ?
i want the book and the balls .
i want the book and one ball .
what would you be willing to let go for a book ?
i'll take one ball and two hats ?
cant give you that
cant give you taht either i needthe book and balls
i would need the balls and hats
okay fine
hats and balls for me
split hats you take books i take balls
books and hats for me ?
sounds fair
book and a ball , thats good for you
ok
hi , i need the book and 2 balls
yeah sure . ill take it
gimme books and balls , you have rest
ok deal
no ill take the ball and 1 book and 1 hat
fine take the book and your 10 points
no deal then
thats what im offering you only the book
youre being complicated you said the book is the onlything of value
k deal only the book for you
i'd like the book and the balls , you keep the hats !
the book is the only thing of value to me . . . you can keep everything but the book , deal ?
then i'd need the ball too ; )
well , can i take just the book then ?
you said 10 points ; which its not . . . but deal
i'll just take the book and lose a point , no biggie . it's a deal .
i can not make that deal . i need the book and at least one other item or i can not make a deal
i do as well . we are not going to be able to make a deal . i'm sorry . no deal .
no deal .
no deal .
no deal .
i want the book and balls
i 100 % need the book
blarg
yeah , but maybe you give me the book ?
but maybe you give me the hat ?
how about a basketball ?
would you like a cowboy hat ?
i would take a book for two cowboy hats .
sounds good .
i would like the book
they are all no good to me
i would rather have just the book , if we cant agree on that then i would do 2 cowboy hats instead
ok , you take the book and the basket balls
no deal . ill take one book and 3 balls
i give you all balls and i keep the rest
ok deal
will you not give the book up for anything ?
i accept your offer .
yes .
i need the book and the balls
nothing
i get the book and the balls
great , tahnks
could you get by with just one of them ?
how about you take both balls and i take the rest .
i would like both balls .
ok , i will take one ball and both books .
deal .
i would like the book and the ball and you can have all the hats .
i can't give up the book , how about i get the book and you get everything else ?
i want the book and two hats
ok
i keep book you get everythign else
cant , i keep the book
no deal
deal
i'd like the balls and the book .
you can have the hats .
ok . you take the book i'll take the rest .
i must have book 1 hat 1 ball
is that book , 1 hat for me ?
ok 1 book 2 hats for me ; 3 balls for you
hi , i would like the book and 2 balls , and can give you 2 hats and 1 ball
if i give you the book , i need all the balls
it would be book and 2 hats if you like , i just need the balls if i give up the book
yes
i'll give you 1 ball and a hat
1 ball and 1 hat is the best i can do
ok , i'll give you 2 balls
i need both of my balls , but i could get by with 1 hat
i can't do that . i need both balls
thanks you can everything else
i will give you 2 books for a hat ?
deal , thanks
okay
hello , may i have both balls ? you can have the rest .
okay , i need at least 1 ball .
nope because balls are 5
fine
i would like 1 of each item
deal
i would like the hats and the book .
let me have both hats and take the rest and we have a deal .
i'll take two balls . you can have the rest .
i have to have both books or no deal .
i meant balls sorry . both balls .
okay . no deal till the button i guess .
no deal .
no deal . i'll take one ball and two books .
no i can't
i need at least one of the balls
ok
no deal
i would like the ball and the book .
no deal . i need at least the ball and the book .
or i need the ball and all the hats .
can't do it . sorry .
no problem . no deal .
same .
i need one of them and the hats
no deal then
i need at least one hat to go with the book
cant make a deal then
book and ball are worth too much to me
ok
i would like the balls and the book .
i need balls , you take rest
i need a book 1 hat 2 balls
deal
i need my balls but can give up some hats . .
true . i will take the ball and give you everything else
the ball is 10 points for me . its my only hope
the ball is worth 10 points to me and everything else is 0 i cannot compromise
if i give up the ball i get 0
you can have eveyrthing else
i would like 1 ball 1 hat 1 book
doesnt work for me and theres only one ball
no
lol tell me why i should give you the ball ?
well if i give you the ball i only get 6 points
fine take the ball
well isnt that obvious . . . .
i just want the hat
no
ok no deal then
i'll take book and hat , you can have all the balls
balls have a value of 0 on my end
6
6 / 10 is a weak hand . . . . we should pass on this deal
ok
! of each for me
don't think so ; i'll take hat 3 balls
what's hat for you ?
if that is true , i'll take 4 balls & book
so true , let's wait for no deal button
i would like two hats , and two books and you keep the rest
you can have the ball and two books
fine , one hat and one ball for you
i would like the ball and 1 hat and 2 books
i would like the ball and 1 hat and 1 book .
i don't want the books . 1 hat and 1 ball
i need the hat and the book . you can have all of the balls .
no i must have the hat and the book .
how about i take the hat and 2 balls .
alright i will take the hat and the book . you take all of the balls .
i need hat and 2 balls
i can do 1 hat 1 ball
how about i give you the hat and i take the balls and book
i can give you hat and book
no i really need the hat
i would like the hat and 2 balls
my final offer is the hat and 1 ball
no deal
i did
if i can have the book , hat , and one ball you can have the other 3 balls . does this work for you ?
okay . if i give you the hat can i have everything else ?
that won't work for me . i need the hat as well so if i am giving that up i need something in return
no deal . i'm sorry .
press your button please .
can i have one ball ?
ok , you can have btoh
i just want the balls
i need both of them please
thank you
you can have the hats and balls if i can have the book
deal , i'm taking all hats and all balls and no books .
deal
if i can have all the balls and one hat you can have the rest
great !
i'll take the hat you can have the rest
no chance i have to have the hat the balls and books are yours
sorry i get the hat or forget it
no deal
you take the balls and i will take the hat and the books
nope , i have to have the hat and the books or no deal
same here
no deal
how about two hats and one ball ?
gimme the 3 hats and 2 balls
deal
you can have the books
i need the hat and the ball
deal
ok . you can have the hat . i'd like the ball , but not sure what you need .
ok . i can deal with that .
i would just like the book and one hat , you can have the rest
that seems fair enough . i agree .
you can have the hats . but i have to have the book .
i want the hats and a book
i would like the hat , the ball and 1 book
the books are negotiable , i can't give up the hat and the ball though .
if i give up the ball , i would need everything else .
hat and one boook for you
yeah i need the ball
fine
if i can have the book and the balls you can have the hats
are you able to give up one ball ?
that won't work for me . i need the book . if i can have the book , one ball and a hat that would work
i'd like all the books and you can have everything else .
great , confirming i get all the books and you get the rest .
that works
yes
you can have 2 balls & 1 hat
i also would like 3 hats & 1 book
that leaves me with almost 0 - no deal
balls are 0
that is everything
they have no value . i want book and 2 hats
i want 1 book and 3 hats
then i want 1 book 2 hats and 2 balls
then i can give you 2 balls
fine ill take the balls and the hats and the book then
well you said balls are 0 i was prepared to give you the balls but you dont seem to want them
cant give you that no deal
i would like one of each please
nope , i definitely need the ball and at least one other item
i can't either
i am particularly interested in the ball and the hat . you can have all 3 books if i can have the hat and ball . does this work for you ?
it is a deal then , thank you !
do you need any of these more than the rest ? all the same for me
sure thing books for me
no way , you can take the hats , i want the ball and books .
well how about i take the ball and 2 hats and oyu take the books .
deal , you take the books , i get the rest .
you take both hats , i take both books and a ball
not a chance
okay
you can have the 3 balls
i can give you the balls and 2 books if i can keep the hat
deal
i need the balls and either one book or the hat . . . would that work for you ?
okay that works for me . thank you !
i can not accept that deal . if i can have the book and the hats you can have the balls
then i would like both hats and one ball
deal . thank you !
i'll take the book and one ht
no deal
deal
no . book and one ball , you have rest
both hats to me along with balls , you get book
hello there ! i'd like the book and the hats , you can keep the balls ?
very low value for me ; any way you'd give up the book ?
better than less than half the point , i suppose . i'll take it .
i need ball and two books
yeah so we re going to a nodeal
deal
you can have the hat .
i need the ball too .
ok , i will take the books . you get the rest .
i'd like the book and 1 hat .
yes .
i get everything in exchange
you get the hats and the ball , i get the book
ok sounds good .
fine , i will take the rest
three balls and a book is what i need please
great deal ! thanks
cant you atleast give me one book ?
ok , so three balls and one book is what i get . right ?
i'd like the hat and the books , you can have all the basketballs .
yes .
deal
all i want is the ball
i will give you two hats and one ball
okay thank you !
i'd like 2 balls and a hat .
deal .
1 hat
i ll give you a book
i cannot give up the ball
no i cannot
deal
hello , i would like 1 of each
you couldn't trade it for a hat ?
ok , how about the book and 2 hats for me ? the ball and 2 hats for you ?
any chance i can get 1 book instead of 1 hat ?
deal
i want two books and one hat . you get a hat and the balls .
yeah . i'll let you have the balls and a book .
hi can i have 1 book and 1 hat please ?
how about just the book then ?
2 hats 1 ball
okay
would you be willing to part with one of those ? either a ball or a book ?
either one is fine .
i need the hats . i just need 1 more ball or the book .
i really need both hats to make this deal work .
so i get both hats and a book ?
i like the balls and the book
which one do you wangt ?
so i'll take the balls and the hats and you can have the book
i'll take 3 balls and you have the book and one hat
ok
both hats , you get the rest
so 2 hats and a book for me ?
hats i like alot , they fit perfect
ok , how about 1 hat a piece , but i get 2 books and the ball
deal
i can do that if you include one book .
sorry , meant exchange a book for a hat in your initial offer .
i bet they look good on you , but my head is cold and needs a hat .
let's split the hats , and then you can have any two books you want and i keep my ball .
ok
the ball and one hat .
okay agreed .
what would you like today ?
deal
i want the balls
ok
i would like the book and the balls .
can i have the book and one ball please ?
hi
i want the book , you can have the rest .
hi
ok
i want the ball and the book
doesn't work for me . i need the ball
well , if i get the ball you can have the rest of it
i'll offer a hat and a book
as do i
that will work
deal .
i will give you two hats and 1 book if i can get the rest .
thank you
sorry does not work for me . need 1 book , 2 balls and one hat
no , that leaves me with 4
still low for me , does not work sorry
make a half offer fair offer
ok , i`m tired . go for one book and one hat i`ll take the rest
i need the book and 2 hats and 1 ball
i also need the book , but i can do 1 book and 2 balls ?
ok how about i take 1 book ans 1 ball ?
it is low for me too but would make us fairly even
1 book and 1 hat
how about i get the balls and 2 hats .
the book is of no value to me . how about i get the balls and 1 hat .
hi . ill take the book and hats and you can have the balls
how about you get the balls and book ?
deal
hmmmm . . . . how about i take the book and hat and you take all the balls
how about 3 balls and a book for me , you can have 1 ball and the hat ?
ok , that works just as well for me actually .
i need the book and the hat .
if the balls are worthless , i will take all the balls and the book . you can have the hat .
ok deal
i only want the book .
i would like the ball
deal
ok , i get rest
okay if i can have everything else
i'll take all the balls
i want the book and the three hats
deal
you can have the hats and the ball , i'll take the book
okay , deal . thank you !
i'll take the hats you can have everything else
i want a million dollars to
one hat and a ball for you
i need a book and one ball and you keep the rest
one hat
ok wait , you get two hats and ball
i'll take all the items .
i need the 2 hats and the ball .
i need the ball , the book and 1 hat .
i'll settle for 2 hats and the ball .
no deal , then .
deal
i get the hats you can have the rest
okay
i will take the hat and the balls .
i must have the hat or no deal .
no deal .
no deal .
no deal .
i'll take the hat and books .
i need the hat .
then no deal
no deal
no deal
i keep the ball and you can have the rest .
deal
hi , i would like the hat and book and you can have the balls .
im sorry , i need the hat and book to make a deal
ok , no deal
just waiting
yep yep
ill take hat and 2 balls
no deal
button appear
yes
yup
i get everything else ? that is fine .
great !
i'd like all the books
yes
that's a deal then ?
i'll take balls and books
then i also need a hat
take the balls and one book
deal
i would like to keep the two hats , you can have the rest
heyo
sounds good to me !
i'll take the book . you can have the rest .
hard to say yes to that , gimme one ball in addition
deal
im willing to give all books and hat , for the balls for me
how about i take the hat and 2 balls
that isn't a good deal for me . what if you get the ball and one book ?
could i have 2 books and the ball
what would you like
no thanks ,
i need two books and i give you all the rest
no deal , i need two books
no deal
hi i would like the ball and hats and you can have the books
so do i . i can offer you the books and 1 hat
i need the book , you can have the rest
great
ill take the book and basketballs
ok
and what else ?
no . that would give me 2 points . not making a deal for that .
that'd bring me to 4 . still can't do it .
i know . one book for me is worth 2 points . plus the 2 balls @ 1 point each . that's 4 points for me . not gonna happen .
oh , that's evevn worse . you're behaving as if this stuff is yours and you're doing me a favor by giving me a little . that's not what this is .
i can offer you 2 balls
no thats it
then i will give you 1 book only
1 book isnt woth 4 points . . im was only offering you 1 book
no i m only offering you 1 book not 2 balls and 1 book .
its called negoiating
oh no deal . i want the book and hat you can have all the balls
no can do i need the hat and the book
i can not give up the hat
i guess we can make no deal then
when does the no deal button come up ?
i can offer the book and 1 ball
i can't give the hat , i can offer the 3 balls
i can't give the hat , i guess we can't make a deal then
me either
yep
i would like the ball and the hats .
how about you give me the ball and one other object of your choice ?
deal .
i would like one of each item
i will take 2 books and 1 hat . you take 1 hat and the basketball
i will give you three hats if i can have everything else
thank you !
i would like 3 hats
you got it
i'm going to need all the books to give up the hat and ball
sounds good
how about you get the 3 books and the hat , i get 1 book and the ball ?
you can have all the books and ill keep the hat and the ball then ?
awesome !
how about i get 2 balls , hat and 1 book
then do you have another offer
1 ball , hat , 1 book
how about i take hat and a book
deal i will take hat and 1 ball
oops i'm sorry i meant book . are you having a hard time closing these at the end
yes .
you get hat and one ball and i get the rest
never
you take hat and two balls
i can't , that would leave me with nothing
deal
no ball
sometimes , so book and one hat for you then
if i can have both hats you can have the rest
i would like one hat , one ball and two books
deal
i would like one hat , the book and the ball .
so , you're taking two hats and a ball ? correct ?
ok
okay then i will take the rest ?
okay great !
i need 1 hat
yes
that won't work i need the books and you can have the rest
then i need two books and both balls
sounds good
hello , i would like the books and the hat
i can't make that deal , balls aren't worth much to me . i'll need at least 1 book .
that won't work either . how about you get 2 books and 1 ball , i get 1 book , the hat , and 1 ball ?
how about i give you all the hats an i get everything else
can i have 2 hats and the ball ?
deal
i just want the balls
thx
deal
can i have one ball . and 3 hats instead ?
ok
so 1 book and the hats for me ?
deal
i would like both balls and the book and you can have all the hats .
sorry , i can't give up any hats . i can give up the book though . would you take all the hats and the book ?
i meant balls .
yes . deal ?
hello
2 hats 1 ball 1 book for m
i would like the ball and the book .
that's all you want ?
i'd be happy with just the book
i tool two books 3 balls
hat to me every else to you
i want the hat and the ball
no you give up the hat and take the rest
that hats not going to be given up i need it and nothing else
deal
no go , you can have the ball , i get the hat and books .
no , i want the hat and one book
ok , you get the hat , everything else is mine .
i need the ball , but you can have both hats if i get the books
i need the ball and at least one book to be worthwhile
then we're at an impasse
no deal
no deal
i would like the ball and one hat please
i need the ball also . you can have everything else , if i can have the ball
i have to have the ball , or i can't make a deal
yes i guess so
no deal
i would like the ball and both hats .
i can't do anything without the ball , i would need the ball and at least 1 hat .
agreed . no deal .
no deal .
no deal .
i need the ball as well . is there any other combination that works for you ?
it seems we won't be able to reach a deal then .
no deal .
no deal
no deal .
you can have the balls if you give me the book and hats
i need all the balls , i am going to get rejected if i score low again
deal
how about i get one of each and you get
i'll give you two hats
i want all the hats . i'll give you all my balls
i get what ?
i'd like hat and 1 ball .
i have to have hat . it's 6 for me .
kay . then let's chat till no deal button .
nada .
there should be a better way to do this .
maybe a box where you have to leave a comment .
id like the hat and books
i have to have hat . its 7 for me .
no deal
no deal
no
i'd like the hat and 2 books .
ok that sounds like a good deal
alright , 2 balls and 1 hat for you , 1 book and 3 hats for me .
gimme the balls and a hat
oooo . can't do that . i can do two books and we can split the balls .
ok . deal
i want the balls and two books
how about i get two balls and you take everything else ?
no deal , i need the ball as well .
okay , setting my numbers to 0 and waiting for the no deal button to appear
no deal was agreed
this is an abnormally long wait
no , and i'm making sure to stay on the page which it normally pops up
i'll take the ball , you can have the rest
let me know when the no deal button come up then . . . . .
same here
soon as it shows on my side . . . . .
the no deal button has not popped up for you yet ?
oh boy , that leaves me with 5 , that isn't very good .
i need the balls and you can have the book and hats
i would like 2 balls and the books . you can have the hats
lol sounds good
hello , i would like the hats and balls and am wiling to give you the book in exchange .
unfortunately i don't get anything from the book but i am willing to give you 2 of the balls and the book while i take 1 ball and the hats
yes , that's what i just typed
what would you like
ok just the ball
5 basketballs
yes
ok
i would like the hat and the books .
i really like the basketball
ok that's fine
i really like the book . i'll give you the basketball if i can have everything else .
one ball and two hats ?
how about 1 ball and 1 book
no 1 ball and 1 book for you .
deal ?
ok
what is your wish ?
i would like 1 ball 2 books
1 ball , 1 book , 1 hat for me ?
guess this is the best i'll get .
deal
i need the ball and 1 hat
deal
i'm on spring break , so i don't feel like reading , so i will give you all of the books and i can take just the ball and hats .
i can't give up the hats , you can have 1 book and the ball
i would like the hat and all the books you can have the basketball
hey
sure
i'll take the balls and hats .
i'll give up the hats for the balls .
thanks for the info , no deal .
deal i take the balls and the hats .
i will need one ball .
the hats are not valuable for me .
i agree to your initial offer .
i'd like the book and the hats , you can keep the balls .
any chance you'll accept just 1 hat ?
i'll take book and 2 hats , you get 2 balls , 1 hat ?
i would like the balls and 2 hats .
yes .
okay agreed .
that seems reasonable to me , so that would give me the hat and two books ?
this deal works for me
can i have the ball and a book ?
yes .
hello , may i have 3 hats and either 1 book or 1 ball ?
deal , thank you .
what would you like
ok three hats and one ball for you then
ok
um . i need the hat , please . i am bald .
hat and books to me , the rest you have
ok , hat for you , the rest for me
i can offer you all the hats if i can take the rest ?
sure . that works .
the book and two hats please
what about you get all the hats ?
ok , i'll take the book and hat
how about i give you the book and 1 hat ?
i would need the ball as well then .
deal
if i can have the books and the hat you can have the balls
okay perfect . you can have the hat and ill get everything else .
i really need that hat , the rest you can have
if i can have the balls and the hat you can have the book
okay that is acceptable .
thank you !
i need the hat and book
deal
how about i take both books and 1 other item , your choice ?
deal
i'll take 3 hats and a ball
okay you can have the ball . i'll just take the hats .
i can offer the hats
i can't give the book , i'll offer the ball and 1 hat
ok , no deal it will be then , think we have a few more turns before it shows up
some of these are very easy to make a deal and some , not so much
those are the 1 's i like
i would like the book and the ball and you can have the hats
i also cant give up the book
yes , agree that no deal can be reached
yes , these are quick usually
yes
if i can have the ball and the hat and one book you can have the other three books
if i can take the books and the ball you can have the hat
i can't make a deal then . the ball is the most points for me as well
no deal .
no deal .
nope . books are 1 each for me , so i can't make a deal for 3 .
sorry , hat is also 1 point for me . ball is 5 , so i'll need it and at least one other thing . that's my bottom line .
okay , me neither . thanks for trying .
no deal .
no deal
i get the ball and hats you get the books
you get hat and 1 book , i get the rest
what do you need
no deal
to book and hat for you i get two balls
you can have the balls but , i need the hat and the books
would you be willing to give up one ball as well ?
i need one book , the hat , and one ball for me to get a decent deal .
okay . no deal .
okay deal !
need book and hat
i will take hat and book
no sorry . i need the hat .
you can have the balls but i need the hat
yeah the balls are worth 0 to me so they are worthless
yeah all of mine is in the hat and book
i would like hat and 3 balls
i'll take hat and 1 ball , final offer
i'm afraid we're at astalemate then
i haven't had one of these end in no deal yet but i guess there's a first time for everything
i have them at 1 each
i have hat at 6 book at 0
i would like the hat and 2 balls
you can have 2 books , how many balls do you need
i would love to have 3 if you can
is all 4 pushing it ?
great , makes my day ! thank you
if i get 2 books then yess
i will take the other two if you do not want
sure
im feeling generous . take them all .
if i can have the hats you can have everything else
okay great ! thank you !
that works for me
i'll taake the book and balls if that's ok
the hats have zero value on my end
no chance you would part with letting me have the hats and one ball ?
i accept your offer of just the hats .
bad deal for me , gimme hat and 2 balls
ok
i want the hat and book , you can have the balls .
you can have the book and 2 balls .
agreed , i have hat and 1 ball .
i can give you 2 hats
ill offer you 1 hat
ill offer you no book no hats no balls
you get nothing
no book for you
i just want the book and 2 hats
how about the book and the balls ?
nope . i need the book . you can have the rest
no deal . i get nothing ? i want the book .
no deal
if i can have the hat and two balls you can have the rest
okay that is fine ! thank you !
i will take the book and 3 balls
i need the books and you can have the rest
i have to have both books
then we can't make a deal
no the hats and balls have no value to me
no , i neither need both books or nothing
i need one book , and i'll give you a hat
i can't give you both
i think you can make due with one book and one hat
it's better than zero value at all .
okay have both books
i would like some books
sounds good
i'll give you 1 book if i can have 2 balls
that actually works for me . deal .
yes , i'm taking all 4 balls and you get hats an book .
ok you take all balls and i keep the rest
ok is that the final deal
deal
deal
i would like the book and all the hats .
that works for you ?
both books to me , the rest to you
okay
no can do i will take the hat and basketballs you can have the books
i will take the hat and 1 basketball you can have a basketball and 2 books
no deal i will take the hat you can have the rest
no can do i will not be able to give up the hat
i guess we can't come to an agreement
i would like 1 hat and 2 basketballs
no way
how about i take 1 book , 1 hat , and 1 basketball
i need the hat and 2 basketballs
either will i
ill take the hat and you can have everything else . deal ?
no the deal really hinges on me getting the hat i think
i need both books , a hat and a ball
not even a small chance
i need both books or there is no deal
nope
you are a joke . i get both books and you take the rest or no deal
no deal
you get nothing i take everything
you get one ball
you get 1 book
you get one ball
you get 1 book
can't do that . i need the book and at least 3 other items of your choosing .
i meant the hat and 3 other items of your choosing .
no problem . no deal .
no deal .
i could take the hat and the balls and 1 book
you take all books and i keep the rest
yeah no deal
never
yeah no deal
you get all books , isn't it fair
can i just have the 2 balls and you can have the rest
no deal
sorry , just the 2 balls for me . it`s good trade
sorry then . no deal
no deal
you take one hat and one ball
no can do
i need one ball , one book and two hats
not for me tho
yeah no deal , cuz two balls probably 5 each
i need the balls and 1 book
i really need the balls and 1 other item
thanks
would you accept just taking the balls ?
okay then you can take the balls and one book . i don't want you to get shafted .
thats not going to work i will need at least 1 book to go along with the hats .
deal .
i would like both books and the ball and you can have all the hats .
deal .
you can have the hat , and i would like 3 books
no deal
i either need 3 books , or the hat and 2 books
either can i
how about you get 2 books and the basketball . and i get the hat and 1 book
i would like the hat 2 the books you can have the basketball
no can do i would like the hat and 2 books
i'll take the hat 1 book and the basketball you can have 2 books
i can't give up the hat
i can only give up the hat if i get 3 books and the basketball
i can't do that i guess we have no deal
you can have the hat if i can have the book and all the balls .
i just want a hat
if i can have the book and the hats you can have all of the balls
okay i can part with one hat
okay ! thank you !
sorry i would need a hat with the balls
okay deal then 1 hat and 3 balls for me
if i can have the balls and the book you can have the hats
okay thank you !
deal
i want all the books and either the hats or the balls
all the books how about ?
okay . so i'm getting 2 books and two balls ?
it's only giving me 6 . don't worry about rejects . . . these are more difficult to make deals on .
i want the hats and 2 booksk
i can give you 2 books and all the balls . i need at least 1 book
cant do it without 1 book .
yes . that only gives me 5 points , enough to hopefully not get rejected ! thank you
okay deal
i'll take the balls and you get the rest .
would you accept just the balls so i can have the book and the hat ?
i'd like the balls and 1 other item if the last item is of high value to you ; otherwise let me know whats of the best value t oyou
deal
if i can have the book and the ball you can have all of the hats
okay that works for me ! thank you !
what would you like
i would like the book and a couple hats . you can have the ball
i would just like the book . you can have the rest .
no .
a lot
no i don't have a heart .
no deal
hmmm , book i like . how about me get book you get rest , plus a thankyou card in the mail
how much is book worth to you
how about i get book and a hat , and i send a valentine to you on tuesday ?
the valentine will be a heart , so its a perfect deal .
we need to flip for it
i will take the ball and one book and give you the hats and one book
deal
how about the hats and ball for me , the books for you ?
ok
i would like the ball and one hat
yeah sure
could i have the ball and you take the rest
i need the book and 1 hat and you could keep 1 hat and all the balls
okay then i will just take the book and you keep all the rest
if you are going to take the book i need both hats and three balls
okay deal . thank you .
i need the balls and the hat you can have the book
you can have 1 ball and the book
nope , you can have the hat but i want the book and all 3 balls
i have to have the book and the balls if you want the hat
i can't make that deal , 3 balls and the book or no deal
no way .
how about you get the book and 2 balls
how about you get all the balls and i get the book and hat
that wont work , you can have the book and 2 balls
no deal
i'd like the hats and the book .
deal .
i would like the books and the ball .
is that your final offer , that is not that great for me .
i agree then .
i can not accept that deal if i can have the ball and one book you can have the rest
yes final offer .
okay thank you !
sounds good
i need the book , it is my favorite , you can have the rest
sounds good , thanks
hello ! how about i keep the ball , and you can have all of the hats and books ?
alright . so ill take the hats and the ball , and you can have the books .
ill take both the books , i really dont need the hats
okay , sounds good
you can have the books if i can have the rest
sorry cant i need the balls
i dont wnat the books you can have the hat and the books but i want the balls
k deal
let me get a ball too and we have a deal .
what if i take the hat and you take the books ?
deal .
i can give you all the balls if i can have the book and hat
cool beans . deal
i'd like all the balls and the book
ok . i'll take the three balls . you can have the hat and the book .
i could use a book a hat and a ball
i need the same . . . . . . thst's why i slpit up the hats and balls
4 / 10 is no deal for me . . . . . .
ok
i need the book and the hats you can have the basketballs
i will take the book and 1 hat you can have 1 hat and both basketballs
the best deal i can give you is i will take the book you take the rest
deal
i need that hat and one ball you can have all four books .
deal
i'd like the hat and two books , the rest to you
you can have the hat if i can have the rest
you can have all the books if i can keep the ball and the hats
i do not need the books . i do need the ball and 1 hat .
that sounds like a deal to me . agreed .
hi , i need the two hats and a book and you could keep the ball and 2 books
no i need the 2 hats and atleast one book its a fair deal
okay then one hat you could take and i will take one as well and all the books . you could have the ball and one hat
i want the balls and the book
how about i get both balls and you get the hats and book ?
have to give up one ball for that to work
agreed
i need the hat and two balls
no . i need the hat and two balls . that is splitting the inventory in half
yes . that gives me exactly half of what i could earn
that is fine , ill let you have it
how about one hat and one ball for you
is that your final answer
but the book is worth 9 to me
how about 3 hats for me and you can have the book , the ball , and the other hat ?
sure thing !
i take one ball one hat and the book
you take the book and i take the rest
that's not going to work , i give you the book and one hat
no deal
no deal
i'll take the book and the balls .
you going to have to sweeten that for me .
how about i take both balls and a book .
laughable guess we get to talk until no deal pops up .
i'm guessing the book was 0 for you the hats 4 and the balls 1 .
you can have the ball and one book , but i get the hat and the other two books .
agreed
i want one ball and one book
agreed
hey there , i'd like the book and 2 balls ; you can keep the hat and two balls ?
was trying to go fair down the middle ; any chance you can reconsider ? book and 2 balls for me , hat and 2 balls for you ?
how about the hat and three balls
okay , sounds good
ok
ok how about you get 1 book and onje ball
are you sure
i want the book . you can have the rest
i can make that work .
i need the hat but i can give you the balls
yes
i really need the hat and two balls
ok and i get the books ?
deal
i just want the balls . you can have the hats and the book .
deal
i'll take the books and ball
the hats have 0 points on my end
i need the ball
ball 6 books 2 hats 0
ok
i will give you all hats and a book , if i can have all of the basketballs .
oh ok . well in that case , i'll give you both books in exchange for the ball .
what are your values ?
ok . i will exchange the ball for all of the books and the hats .
okay .
i need the hat and ball
ok . . . done
you can have all of the balls and two hats .
i would like 5 books and 1 ball
i will give you the hats if i can have the rest
i could give you one book and the hats .
so i can have the books and ball ?
thank you
the ball holds a lot of value for me . anything else you can agree to ?
the books hold no value for me . i will take all of the hats
yes
how about you just get 1 ball ?
ok you can have 1 ball and 1 book .
i'd like the ball and 1 book .
i'd really like 1 book and the ball , please .
thank you .
i only have 1 hat . you can have it if i can have 2 books and 2 balls
no . 3 books 1 ball
fine
2 hats 1 ball
1 ball 1 book
1 ball 2 books
you can have the balls if i get everything else ?
that is very reasonable and so i see no need to negotiate further .
if i can have the balls and a hat i will give you everything else
perfect ! thank you !
i need a ball , book and a hat
ok
i can let you have the books if i get everything else .
i rather like the ball . i can give you the two books and a hat .
i would like 2 books and the ball ?
i need 1 ball and the 2 books
i just need 1
ok you take both balls and i get the rest ?
deal
i would like to have both balls
i really can't give up the balls
gotta have both
yes
i would like 2 balls and the book please
you can have the book , if i can get 3 balls and 2 hats
that sounds fair
i would keep the book . how about a third ball instead ?
no . how about 1 hat for you and one for me . book me . and balls yours
okay then !
i'd like the basketbll
can i have one hat ?
thanks that works
ok , i get the rest
yes
i would like the book and all the basketballs .
i need the book as well .
i can't do that either . i need the book and at least two balls
yeah , no deal agreed .
no deal .
i'd also kind of like the book , but can give it up if i can take the rest .
i'd like the book and the rest is negotiable .
hmm . . . i suppose we can do that . deal
i will like the basketball and two hats you can have the rest .
deal
may i have 1 book and 1 ball ?
cool
deal .
i'd like the two balls and the hat - are the books of value to you ? knowledge is power !
what would you like
no , deal , , you get two hats
no deal
how about a million dollars with that
i need two books and one hat and you get all the rest
i can't do that
how about you get two hats and i keep the rest
id like the hat and two balls
the hat is non negotiable for me , , , i can cede the rest but there can be no deal without the hat fr me . . . sorry
for me too . . . so no deal i guess
nope . . . no deal . . . where's the button
fair enough . . . no deal
i need the hat and the book
the hat is the only thing of value
no deal to be had here
you have to go back and forth a bit before it pops up
there is nothing else worth anything for me
if i can have the ball and a hat you can have the rest
okay deal .
how about just ball
deal
ok
i would like the ball , you can have the hats and book in return
i would like 1 ball , 1 hat and 1 book
i will do that deal . you get the ball and i get all of the others
that won't work for me . i can take the ball and you can have the rest .
okay thank you !
deal .
you can have the book and ball if i get all the hats .
hmm , i'd like one of the books . you can have the hats instead .
agreed .
how about i take the books and you can have everything else ?
ok . i'll take one book and the hats
hello
yes if i can haz book
you can have hats as well
hello , can i haz ball ?
ok dealz
1 book and 1 hat for you . 1 ball 2 hats for me . ok deal .
gimme the book and a hat
give me book and hats
i need book and one hat , or no deal
ok
you get all the hats i get book and balls
you get 2 hat and book . i get the rest
i'll take the books , you can have the rest
right on !
ok
i need the ball , one hat , and one book .
nope , that'd leave me at 5 / 10 and i can't deal for that .
no deal
no deal
no deal
i need both books and a hat
can't do that , alas . i can maybe do both hats and a book
then no deal : /
no deal
nd
i'd like the book , you can have the rest
the book is the only thing of value to me , sorry
thank you ! deal
i would also like the book . how about you take two hats and the ball ?
for me as well , but since you asked for it first , you can have the book .
no problem ! have a good rest of the day .
i'd like the book , a hat and two balls .
how about i take the book and the hat ?
how about the book and a ball ?
unfortunately , that won't do me much good . i need something with the book .
sorry . it's just a bad deal for just the book .
no on the book , you can have 1 hat and 2 balls
no deal .
you can have the book if i can have everything else .
that doesn't work for me
sorry , guess we have no deal
i would like the balls , one hat and the book
no can do . one ball 2 hats and the book
i get one ball , all the hats and the book ?
deal
how about i take the balls and you take everything else ?
i only want one ball . you may have the rest . this is my final offer .
yes . i only want one ball , you can have everything else .
i'd like 1 of each
nope
i'd take ball and 2 hats
ok
okay , can i get your balls and books ?
what about hats :
ok
hat and books for me
hat and two books for me ?
hat and two books
one book
do you really need hat
deal
i like the basketball , but you can have all 4 hats if i can get the book .
hat's are worthless to me , but the book is of value .
if it's the same to you , i'll take the ball , it's worth a bit to me .
i want the balls and books
i can not make that deal . i need the ball and the hat and you can have the books
i really need both the hat and the ball . are you sure there is no way we can make this happen
i can give you the hat and one book if that is best offer you can give me
okay thank you !
i would like one hat one ball and two books
i need the hat and one book
i have to have the hat and one book or we cant make a deal , could i have more than one book ?
deal
hi
if i can have the hat and the ball you can have the books
okay great ! thank you !
deal
deal .
i can give you the hats
okay deal
i would like 2 books and 1 ball
i need the books
i will have 1 book and 2 balls . you can have the rest
i would like two books and a hat
i can take a book and a hat . . . . . . anything else is a bad deal on my end
i would like the book , both balls , and one hat .
hi , i would like the hats
thats a bad deal for me . you can have the book , we will split the balls , and you get one hat
i need the books .
deal .
i can't do that . i can give you one book and both balls .
3 hats , 1 book . deal ?
great , confirming 3 hats and 1 book for me .
what is your choice ?
deal
i would like the ball you can have the rest .
that might have been the easiest deal yet , deal
i would like the hat and the balls
you can have the books
yes you can have the 3 books ill take the hat and the balls
deal
i would like hat and books
3 books
ok
howdy
sure , i get hats and book
hello
i'd like to have all the balls .
deal
i need the book and the balls
okay so i get a book and a ball
i need 1 ball and 3 hats
yes
hi , i would like the books and ball and you can have the hats
ok , i can give you the ball but i would need a hat
ok so i get the books and 1 hat and you get the ball and 1 hat
i need ball
ok
i'd like the hat and books .
in exchange for what ?
i'd like hats .
you can have everything else .
can i get the hats please ?
thanks
yes
i would like 1 hat 2 books and 1 ball
i also need the hat . how about i get the hat and the books
sorry no deal
no , if i can have the hat and 1 book you can have the rest
sorry , no deal .
no , i would like the hat and 1 book . you can have the rest
sorry , no deal
i really need the hat , 1 book and 2 balls .
nope . if i can have the hat and 1 ball , you can have 2 balls and the books .
can i have the hat then ? you can have all else .
sorry no . you can have the hat . i'll take the rest .
then i can have the hat and you can have the rest ?
no . you can just have the books .
deal
i would like the balls
i just want the book and ball
sounds great
i'll give you the ball and two hats .
i really need the book to study with and 1 of the balls .
if i don't get the book , i will fail an important class . how about you can take all of the balls if i get the book ?
i need the book
you can have the book , if i can get everything else
i would like the book and ball
i kinda need the book too but if i can get the ball than i can accept the ball and two hats
the book is pretty important for me . what can you do ?
and i'll take the book and 2 hats . that will work !
i would like all of the hats and one book
i really need all of the hats and 1 book
i will give you all of the hats and 0 books or 2 hats and 1 book
deal
sorry i cant do that . i would like the hats and balls
i'll take the books and one ball
hats and balls for me
ok deal
i want a hat a book and a ball
for me ? ok
hello , you want to start us off ?
how about a hat and both books ?
i'd like 2 balls and the hat .
same for me . that would leave me with almost no points . guess no deal . we just need to talk until the no deal button lights up .
books are 1 point . balls and hats are 2 . i don't deal if i end up with less than 5 - 6 points .
i'd like the balls , you can keep everything else .
that would take away all my points and books hold no value to me . i'll take 2 balls and the hat or 3 balls ; rest you can have .
or we can compromise ; books are 0 points to you as well ? that seems odd .
exactly . give me 2 balls and let's move on with our lives .
i will let you have all 4 balls and i will take the other 3 items
you can have all 4 balls and 1 hat . the balls have no value to me , so i really need the others
sorry that doesn't leave me much . i was hoping for the hats and at least 2 balls .
deal
okay done deal
i just want 2 hats you can have the rest
great thank you
hi i would like the hats and ball and you can have the book
yeah that seems fair . i can do that
4 : 1 isn't fair , can i atleast have the book and ball , you can have all the hats
no , you can have the hats
i need the ball , a book and a hat
not possible . i need two books and two hats and you can have the rest
you can have the books and i will take the rest
that leaves me with 4 i guess we don't have a deal
i'd like ball , 1 book and 1 hat .
no deal . only 3 points for me .
no deal . that leaves me with 4 points . if i can't have one of each then i need 2 books and 2 hats .
i don't deal for less than 6 points . the deals i offered are the only ones i can do .
4 points . if i do books i have to have 2 hats .
ill take the ball , but im gonna need the hats too .
i want the book and 3 hats
deal
you can have the ball
naw i cant give you that
and how do you suppose we divide the rest ?
no i dont want the ball
so you get 4 items i get 2 no deal
youre the one being greedy you wanted 4 items
how generous . i don't really need the ball , though . i'd like the hats and a book .
you can have one hat and i can have one hat
i'll take a 2 books and a hat , you take the rest ?
okay well i will take the hat , the ball and 2 books .
fine , this is taking too long and you are being greedy . no deal .
you can have the balls and one book .
can i have the two books ?
ok
if i can have the hat and the books you can have the balls
i can not give up the hat if i take the hat and one book would you consider taking the rest ?
no deal .
no deal
. no deal
i need hat and three balls
lets talk to no deal
no deal
no deal
no deal
either take just the ball or everything but the ball .
i'll do ball .
i'd like to keep two books , you can have the rest .
i want two , you can have all books
sorry they are low , i need the hats and 2 books to be fair on my side
need just one book . you can have 2 books
take the ball , i need 3 hats and 2 books
take all the books . i`ll take the rest
if i can have the ball and the books you can have the hats
i can not give up the books . if i take the books you can have everything else
then i need the ball as well
no deal . i either need all of the books or two books and the ball . final offer .
okay deal . thank you .
can i have the ball , book , and 1 hat ?
ok
how about the hats for you and i keep the rest
how about you can have the book only
i need both hats . how about you take the book and one ball
i can give you one hat and one book
i need one of each
no , i need at least the book and one hat
balls are worthless to me , i need a hat
deal
how about the book and two balls instead
cani have a book and the balls ?
ok
i take the balls and you can have the rest .
how about 1 ball , a book , and a hat ?
i need 2 balls and a book or a hat
ok
hello , how about the hat and 2 books for me , and 2 books and the ball for you ?
ok , it's a deal
could you make that 3 books and the ball for me ?
would you be willing to consider you taking the hat and 1 book instead ?
both scenarios are the same for me , let's go with you taking the hat and 2 books , i take 1 book and the balls
how about i get hat and two books . you get the rest ?
if i can have a ball too
ok
i can offer the ball and 1 book
i can't give the hats , i can offer the ball and both books
correct
i need the ball and the hats and you can have the books
okay so i will get the ball and the two books and you will get the hats ?
okay great !
hey , i want the hat a book and a ball
i really need the hat and one book
i also can't make a deal without tha hat
you can keep the hat , if i can have everything else
that would put my score too low
hi , i would like the hat and books and you can have the balls
sorry i cant let go of the hat . im willing to give you the ball and 2 books .
ok i understand . looks like we wont be able to make a deal .
could i have 1 book as well ?
ok . ill take the hat and you take everything else
i'd like a ball and a book . all else would be transferred to you soon .
no , i need something in addition to a ball . if you prefer i would take a hat instead of a book .
ok . agreed .
if you get the ball i'd need everything else
that's worse . you can have the ball and one book
i would like the hats but also 1 book .
okay i can make it work .
hi , i need the books and the ball . you can have 4 hats
sorry can`t let go of the book . 2 books and one ball for me
i would like the 3 balls , if you will take the rest .
ok so you get 2 books and the hat
done !
yep
you can have the balls but , i need the books and the hats
thank you .
hello , can i have the balls and the books ? you can have the hats .
okay , i will take the balls and you can have the rest then .
fine deal
i'd like the book . you can have everything else .
hi , can i take the ball one hat and one book ?
how about just one ball and one hat ?
how about i just take the ball . thats 7 for me
you don`t like 3 hats and 3 books ? and just one ball for me ?
sorry then . i just want the ball , if you don`t give me the ball it`s no deal
no . you can have 2 hats and 2 books .
no , i'll take the ball and you can have all the books and 1 hat .
no deal .
no . you can have all the hats and 2 books .
then i apologize . we cannot reach a deal today .
i need book
one ball at leat
so only the balls
no hat
ok one hat and two balls
ok fine hat and 3 bals
hi , i would like the book and balls and you can have the hat
in order for you to get the book iwould need everything else
sorry , i need all 3 balls to make it worth it
and the hat
ok no deal
nope sorry . looks like we wont be making a deal
deal
i will give you all the hats if you give me all the books
i will give you 1 ball and all the hats for all the books
ok this is my first one how do we fill out left side ? how many books am i getting from you ?
ok deal
i can give you 2 books
if you give me ball and hat you can have all books
deal
you select 4 from the drop down box nexr the books leave the hat and ball at 0 and click deal was agreed
i'd like the hat and two books please
you can have the ball , but i really need the hat
same . i don't think we can come to a deal .
no deal .
helps to type i think . no deal .
1 only need the hat and ball
i need the hat and you can have the rest , or i cant make a deal
ok that sucks , but no deal
just need to wait for the button to come up
haha no deal , imagine people just saying no deal to each other over and over
i need hat and 2 balls
ok , you get hat , i get rest
gimme the balls and books , you can have hat
no deal perhaps
agreed
you can have the balls and i will take the hat and the books
i can't do that i have to have the hat or no deal
i have to have the hat and the books
i can't do that
no deal then
a sword , and a magic fairy . plus one basketball .
i know , but i want just the one basketball .
how many books you have ?
i need the ball
gimme the ball brah
no deal
hello , what do you need ?
i have no balls
i dont have an basketballs . i have 1 hat and 1 book
2
i will give you 2 books and a hat
nope
i'd like the book , 2 hats and 2 basketballs
can i have one hat , 2 basketballs and the book ?
okay
no . i will take the hats . you can have the rest
you are asking way too much . last deal . i need the hats and 1 ball
hats are 0 . i'd like books . you can have the rest .
i can do two books and and 1 ball .
seriously ? if you don't even try i'm going to leave a comment after we no deal .
i need the balls , you can take the hats and book
i really like the hats and balls
ok
i need hat and 2 balls
if i can have one of each you can have the other two balls
okay deal .
i really need the book . what do you want ?
the book is of very high value to me . i'd work with you on it if i could , but i can't make a deal without it .
that'll be fine . thanks !
i need the book too ?
how about this you get the book and i will take the rest ?
deal
hello there . i'd really like to get the hat if possible .
ok , i'll take the hat , and one ball , you get everything else ?
deal .
i can give up the hat for 2 balls and 2 books or for 3 books and a ball .
sounds good
i would like the ball and 2 books
i would like the ball . you can have the rest
not gonna happen
i will take 1 book
i need at least 1 book
deal
i'd like 1 ball and 2 books
i need the book
i can give you the book if i get all hats and all balls . deal ?
i will take everything
i will take the ball 1 book and 1 hat
deal
i want the balls you can have the rest
i'd like the 3 hats and the ball . are the books of value to you ?
take the books and your ball . i'll take the hats . books are 0 to me .
low value , only 1 each . i'd like the ball and any 1 other item and you can have the 4 remaining .
okay , works for me . thanks
you can have the balls and one hat if i can have both books and one hat
the books are valuable to me as well . i can agree to one hat and one book
deal
the books are valuable to me , and i cannot part with them . how about you take both hats and a ball ?
you can have both hats and one book .
i would like the 3 books and the ball .
you can have the ball or the hat but i need one .
okay , i will take the hat and 3 books .
i need ball and hat .
i take ball
sorry , i need the book . you can have both hats and 1 ball if youd like
no sorry that's not a good deal for me
nope sorry . i need the book . sounds like we have no deal
no , i would need some of the balls to make it worthwhile for me
deal
i like to read so can i have the book and a hat ?
how about you have the book and i'll take all the balls and both hats ?
how about i'll take the book then ?
if the book is that importasnt to you you can have it if i can have the rest
i can give you the book and 1 ball
could you get by with just the books ?
how about you take just the ball then
deal
i will take 2 books and 1 ball
i need the ball as well
how about i get 2 books and 1 hat
you can have balls , but i would like 1 hat
balls have no value to me
i would like the hats and the balls .
can i have both hats if you take everything else ?
ok , so you want books and one hat ?
can i get one ball ?
so i can have the books and the hats , right ?
deal
how about you take the books and the hats , and i keep the balls ?
i mean i really want the balls , i have no use for the rest of the stuff .
yes
i will take the book and both basketballs you take the hats
you can have both hats and a basketball . i need the book and 1 basketball
i can't do that i need the book and at least 1 basketball
ok if we must that kind of sucks
ok does it put us on a list of maybe getting removed if we can't come up with an agreement ?
no deal , i need the book and at least 1 hat .
no deal , i need the book and both hats .
bummer , we'll have to agree to no deal .
setting numbers to 0 and waiting for no deal button
i don't think so since it's an option and our goal for ourselves is to get the best deal for ourselves and not give in to easily
i need the book and 1 hat and you can take the rest ?
okay i will take the book and you take everything else
i need the book as well . if you take the book i need everything else
okay thank you .
give me hats , you take rest
give me 2 hats and the book
3 hats for me , or 2 hats and the book
no deals button should appear soon
yes
i need a least 1 hat with the book and ball
nooo , i need one o each
nope wont work i need one o each
ok no deal then
yep
i would like the basketball and the book .
i could take the book and two hats .
i can't agree to that .
i really don't think that i can agree to that .
could you give me two hats ?
i can only give you the book at the moment
sorry only the book at this moment in time
ill give you a hat and the book
ill give you a book
i need the book and the hat
yes you get all 3 balls
if i get all 3 balls ok
if i can have the hats and the books you can have the ball
i can't give up a hat but , you can have a book
you can have the hat and the ball then . i don't want you to lose out .
ill take the ball but could i have 1 hat as well ?
sorry i need at least 1 hat to get a decent score
thank you
hi , i'd like the books and will give you the hat and ball in return
deal .
i would like a book , please .
ok . thanks ! deal has been agreed on !
do you have any basketballs that i could have as well ?
no that's too much , i'll have the book and you can have the 3 hats .
yes you can have 3 hats and 1 ball . deal .
i'll take a hat a book and a ball .
to clarify i get the hats and the ball ? if so deal .
hi i would like the ball and books and you can have the hats
okay deal that sounds good to me
you can have the three balls if i can have the book and the hat
okay ! thank you !
may i have 3 books
ok you get 1 book and 1 hat
i'd like the books and ball .
the hats are of no value . i need the books and ball .
hmmm . . . . ok . you take the ball . i'll take the rest . deal .
i'll take the ball and you can have the rest .
i can't do that .
you can have the books if i can have the rest
sorry cant do that
cant do that either
no deal
i need the balls and the hat you said you wand the books and hat then you want the hat two balls and a book how is that a better deal for me ?
i said i need the balls and hat so clearly i am not willing to part with them
books arnt worth much to me , books and 1 ball maybe .
books and a hat , work with me here .
i can work with a hat , two balls and abook
sorry to hear this .
it's not , im trying to tell you the books arnt worth that much to me and clearly arnt to you either so i'm willing to take those books but you gotta toss in either the hat or a ball for me
no deal then
id like both books and you can have both balls and the hat
that seems extreme and not likely . . . to books for me
now we're talking . . . deal
you can have one book but i need one , as well as a hat and 2 balls
okay , you can have both books if i get the rest
could you trade the hat for some balls ?
ok , well i can go with your original offter . the book and 2 balls .
i'll take the hat and 2 of the balls . you can have the book and 2 balls .
no , i must have the hat .
sounds good .
hi , i'd like the balls , the hat , and one book
i'd like at least one ball
it'd give me quite a low score
i'll take your original offer
yes , deal
whoa ; i'd be willing to give you 4 of the 6 items if you let me keep the balls .
unfortunately the balls are my only items of value ; 3 books and 1 hat do not work for you ?
in that case , i believe we're both going to suffer . i'll concede - - i'll take 1 ball , 1 hat ; you get the rest . good luck !
which is 2 balls for me ? rest for you ?
how about 1 book and 2 hats ?
ok
for you , ok . i'll get one of each .
i would like the books , the ball , and one hat . would that work for you /
okay that works . so i will take the books and one hat and you can have two hats and the ball
i love the hats . all of them . what are you thinking ?
if i'm getting only 2 hats , i'd want the ball , too .
i'll give you a hat but i'm taking the book and the balls and one hat
i'll take the book , one of the hats , and one ball
no deal
how does it end ?
oh marvelous
i'd like the hats please .
that's not very fair . i want both hats or no deal .
no sorry only the hats are worth anything to me
ok no deal
keep going until no deal lights up
deal
i'd like the ball and both books , you get all hats .
okie dokie
i'll take the books and hat if that ok ?
well , than that would give me a real low value
i can take a hat a book and a ball
i'd like the hat , you can have the rest
i'll take the balls and the book , you can have the hat
ok , i'll take the balls
i don't care about the balls at all , but i'd like the book and the hat .
no , i need the book . i'd also like the hat , though .
what would you like
i need the hats and you keep the rest
one of each , please .
deal
i can let you have three balls if i get one of each object .
how about i get the book and two balls . you keep the hat and two balls .
no . i can do hat and 1 book . you get the rest .
deal .
if i take the balls i'm going to need either the book or one hat
deal
i would like the book and the hats .
ok , i'll give you a hat too .
what would you like ?
i need the books . how about 1 book and the balls . you can have the hats
yes and you take hats
if i can have the hats and the books you can have the balls
okay so we split the books ?
okay deal .
i really need that hat . can i take the balls and the hat ?
that does not work . look , 3 balls and one hat for me , this is as low as i go
can i have the books and hat ?
lets share the balls then
deal then
i'd like the books and balls , you can have the hats
i need at least one ball and all the books . deal ?
hats are worthless to me . i'll take books , you can have the rest
ill take the hats but i need the balls as well
i can offer you the books and 1 hat
ok deal
i will take the basketball and you can have hats . what about books ?
we can split them , one book for me and 1 book for you
if i can have the hats you can have the basketball .
they are worth 1 each to me , so we can split them , unless they aren't worth anything to you .
ok
would you be willing to take all the hats and give me the rest ?
ok , i agree to your intial offer then .
gimme book and a hat
i need book , or no deal
i want the book and a ball
okay
you can have the hats if i can have the balls and book
i cannot give up the balls as they are most valuable to me
i cannot agree to any deal that i don't get both balls
the balls are the only points for you ? they are for me
the balls are my only points . i was simply trying to negotiate
no deal
hats are minimally valued to me . . . would you mind us splitting ? 1 ball and we'll divi up the rest ?
same for me . . . so we can try to work out the best deal for the both of us or we can commit to no deal .
i can't commit to a deal that leaves me with no points , so i suppose we're not going to reach an agreement .
the balls are the only ones of value , the hats also are mininally valued . however , you originally asked to take the book - so i'm assuming the balls are not your only item of any value . i'm fine with splitting the points up if we're not going to agree .
alright , so in that case ; will you concede to earning 5 points each by splitting the balls as i had originally suggested or waste our time here tonight ? : )
i would like the the hat and the balls .
i really need the hat and at least one other object .
deal .
u can have the balls if i can have the rest
how about 1 ball
gimme both boks
yes
ok so balls and hat for me ?
deal
i want the book and ball and a hat
i really want the ball
how much do you want the hats ?
i take the rest ?
gimme ball , you take rest
me too
i need ball , or no deal
yes
only if i get the hat and the ball
sounds good
gimme the books please
ok
you can have the balls and one hat if i get the book and the other two hats .
the book is valuable to me also . i can only let you have the book if i get everything else .
agreed .
you can have the hats if i can have the balls and book
the book holds the most value for me . how about i take the book and one ball and you can have the rest
you can have the book and hats , i'll take the balls
hats are worth three for me so no .
i'd like hat and books .
then i'll take books . you can have the rest .
hello , i would like the balls and book and can give you the hats in return
ok , that works perfectly for me so you have a deal .
i'd like the book and hat , you can have the balls
ok , i'll take the book , you can have the rest
that's not going to work for me . i need the hat and at least one other item ; doesn't matter which .
works for me . deal !
you can have the ball if i can have the hats and the books
there is only one ball .
i will give you the ball if i can have the hats and the books
okay thank you !
i can give away 2 hats and 2 books
how many balls do i get ?
hold on
okay sounds fair
no
cool .
yep[
no deal
no deal
give me hat and balls
no deal
agreed
yup
kazaam
ok
deal
i just want the balls and one book
thx
yes
that sounds agreeable
hey there . i'd like the ball and the book , you can keep the hats ?
deal . thanks !
i'd really like to keep the book , you can have the hat and three of the four balls .
the hat is useless to me , but the book is worth far more than the balls , i could use the balls , but they're not nearly as worthy as the book .
yeah , the book is going to be a deal breaker here .
problem is , the balls aren't even worth half what the book is .
i cannot concede the book . i apologize .
i'd like the hat and the book you can keep all 4 balls
the balls are of no worth to me ; any chance you can reconsider taking all 4 balls and leaving me the hat and the book ?
i can't part with the book and the balls hold no value to me .
well i'm not going to settle for no points , so i can't budge . its your call if you want to take the balls in exchange for the hat and the book .
problem is , the balls give me no value and losing the book would not be worth anything to me . we can wait this out to agree on no deal or you can concede and take the balls .
i want the ball , a book and hat
ok deal
i will give you the ball and a book , but i need the hat and two books
what do you think ?
keep the hats but i take everything else .
no because i'm giving the very expensive hats to you
alright ,
hats are pretty important for me . i'd also like both books but would settle for 1 . you ?
but what about splitting the books ?
okay , but i'm not loving that .
i'd like the balls ; rest we can negotiate .
any chance you can spare 1 other item ? whichever is of lesser value ?
deal
what would you like
you can have the balls if i get the rest
1 book
ball and 2 books for me
deal
i'd like the balls .
ok , i accept .
deal .
i want the hats . you can have the rest .
the books have no points for me .
how about 1 hat and 1 book ?
ok then i'll take the the books and the ball
if i can have the ball and the books you can have the hats
that is reasonable . deal .
i need the hats and 1 book .
can i have 1 book
okay
sure deal
gimme book and balls
ok
i would like the book and hat and you can have all 3 balls
okay deal thank you
deal .
i'll take a book and a ball and you can have the rest if that works for you
deal .
i'd like the books . you can have the rest .
some deal
how about this deal ?
i'd like all the balls please
that works for me . you can have the balls and i will get everything else .
i would like the hat and book , you can have the balls
deal
you can have the balls and the book
deal
i want the book , the ball and 2 hats
i need the book or no deal
you sure ? book is only thing worth something to me
ok keep talking until the button shows
well we can't really agree so
i want the book and the ball and you can have all the hats
i need the book also or no deal
same here : (
should i keep trying to make a deal so we don't get a rejection ?
let's just keep saying no deal until it shows then
i would like the 2 hats and the ball
counter .
i'll take 1 ball and 1 hat .
no deal
you ll have 1 ball and one book
good job
so are you saying you want the balls or you want everything else ?
no deal . i'll take 2 books and 1 hat or 2 hats and 1 book ,
i'll give you two balls for everything
i want everything else
2 hats and 1 book then
hi there ! i would like the hats and ball , and you can have everything else .
no , sorry .
thank you !
would you trade the ball for a book ?
ok , i agree to your previous offer then .
i need the books and hat
no can do . . . . i need to books and the hat
i take the books you take the rest ?
deal
i need the ball , hat and a book
i need the ball and all books , you take the hat
nope , how bout you take just the books ?
ok so i get the hat and ball ? deal ?
i want the balls
ok you get one ball and one hat
i want the balls
hit the no deal button cause that my final offer i take one ball one hat u take rest
i'd like the books and ball .
the hats are of no value . i'll take the books and you can have the rest .
you can have all the books ; but i would need the ball . we can split the hats .
sounds fair . deal
i need 1 hat and 1 book
hats worth a lot to me i need 1 hat and both ball or the book
so give 1 up and it's even trade
i'm getting 5 as well even trae
no deal
i need the hats and one ball
i can let you have the book and both balls if i get both hats
hats are the only thing with value for me , so i need them both or no deal
it'll snark at me if i end with 5 points
i'd rather no deal than trust that's the truth : )
ok
i'd like three books and one hat , you can have a book and a ball .
it's a deal then ?
works for me , deal
i need the books , you get the hats and the balls
i take hats , u get all else
i need hats , or one hat and all book and ball
two hats for me , the rest for you . i'll throw in a coupon for a free small fry at mcdonalds
hmmmm , seemed like a good deal to me . i want 2 books , 2 hats and the ball now .
probably
i need the hats and ball , you take the books
no that wont work , i need hats and ball
i cant do with out the hats and ball
haha , sorry ill take the hats and ball , you an have the books and go get yourself some mcds .
well we can agree that we have no deal , right ?
ok , no deal
can you throw a hat into the deal ? books aren't worth anything to me .
can you trade a ball for a hat ? so 1 hat and 1 ball for me , everything else for you ?
ok , i guess we can do with 2 balls for me , the rest to you .
you can have the balls if i can have everything else
no sorry i would need the hat
no sorry balls arent worth anything
okay good
i need 1 book and 1 hat
i need 1 hat and 1 book
i will give you two books for a ball ?
how about two hats for a ball ?
ok , i can do that , one hat and one book for a ball ?
i'd like 1 book and 2 hats and you can have the rest .
you can have book only if i can have all hats and all balls
that works for me , confirming that i get 1 ball and 1 hat .
sorry about that , that's what i meant to type , i get 1 book and 1 hat .
confirming deal
i want book and ball
i will take ball and 3 hats
no , you get book and 1 hat
yes
i need the books and the hat you can have the balls
so i get 2 books and the hat
okay
i need both balls and at least one book . you can have the hat .
yes and i get a book and both balls .
i want both books and both balls
i want both books and one ball then
ill take two books and one ball
i would like to offer a deal on two books and one ball .
how about both balls and one book ?
do we have a deal ?
i take one ball would you like to settle ?
give me all the hats and you could keep the books and ball
if you give me one book then i can give you one hat
okay then i will keep the hats !
i would like 2 books and 1 ball and 1 hat
you can not share 1 hat with me ?
no deal , i will keep books and ball
hi i would like the hat and books and you can have the balls
deal
can i have 1 book and 3 balls ?
i really like the book . i'd go splits on the rest .
okay ! so i'm taking the book and two balls .
i will take the hat and split the balls
yes
what would you like
yeah no
i need two hats and one book
deal
the ball and 2 of one of the others
what do you need
1 ball and 1 book for me ? deal
i want the hat and both books
i want the hat and one book
i get the hat and you take the rest
well me neither , fine take the hat i take the rest
no . i need the hat and 1 ball .
sorry . i need the hat
no . not a good deal on my end
deal
hmm i can give you the hats , but i would like the ball and 2 of the books at the least
yes
i would like the hats and the ball .
so i get the hats and one book and you get the rest ?
i agree to that .
i need one hat at least and 3 books
can`t let you all the hats . sorry , i need at least one hat
you can have all of the books , if i can have the hats and ball
i really like those hats
ok . i'll take one hat and one ball
can i have two books and the hat ?
ok deal
i want the hat and balls
deal
i want the hat u get the rest
i need the hat and 1 basketball
deal
i would like both books and one hat and one ball .
okay you take one hat and one ball .
i can give you 3 balls
i dont want to give up a book i need them both
no
okay deal
i want one of each .
what will you give up a book for ?
then can i take the balls as well as a hat ?
then i will take three balls .
i would like 1 book and 1 basketball
thank you
hello what would you like
ok sounds good i can take the book
sorry i need the hat and at least 1 book
so you want the basketballs and 1 book ?
ok deal
i'd like to keep the cowboy hats .
ok , but i keep the basketballs .
yes
hello ! i would like 1 book , 1 hat , and 1 basketball , and the rest is yours !
i take a book and 2 hats , you have both basketballs .
hello , ranger . what would you like in order to help defend angel grove from rita ?
hrm . . i have no use for hats , really but the purple ranger really needs two basket balls to power his zord .
very well
i need both the book and the balls . if i can take the balls and the hats you can have the book
that won't work for me . if i can have one of each you can have the hat and balls though if that works for you
okay thank you !
i'd like the balls and the book , are the hats of value to you ?
that would leave me with the lowest possible points . : ) - - how about we split down the middle ? i take 1 of each , you take two balls and 1 hat ?
not a fan , but its at least half - deal .
deal
i want the hat , and i want the ball . you can have the three books .
i'll jjust take the 2 books .
deal .
the book
sounds good !
what item is worth the most to you ?
i can give you the book if you give me the rest
let's do it
i'd like to keep the ball , you can have everything else
deal
i need both balls
we could , but i dont really need the hats . how about a take one ball and 2 books ?
okay
no deal
not coming up as optino
i need both balls and 1 hat and 1 book
how about we each take one of every item
i guess we can't make a deal
no deal
no deal
i need the book , just the book
this will be a stalemate , i must have the book
no deal
we have to negotiate further
the no deal button should light up soon
you can have the balls , if i can have the rest
i need the book as well . . . ill take the book and you can have the rest
ok then no deal
who enters no deal
oh ok . . . well lets say i get the book and a hat
not good for me i need the book and the hat you can have all of the balls
i will take the hat and all of the balls ?
i cant do a deal without the hat
the balls are worthless for me , i have to have the hat
is that a deal ?
i will take the hat and book and 1 basketball you take 2 basketballs
no that doesn't work . i will take the hat and book you take all the balls
can't do that . i will take the hat and 2 balls you take the book and 1 ball
neither can i . . . . the best i can do it i take the hat and 1 ball you take 2 balls and 1 book
i guess we break even and you take the hat and i take the rest
that's a deal
if i could have the ball one hat and one book that would be fantasic
thats a hard one for me , ball is worth a lot here .
figured as much
i figured that as much too , the 5 cent bonus isnt worth the wasted time , take the ball i'll take the rest .
i only want the ball
same here .
i don't like to be intractable , but if i can't get the ball we can't make a deal
ok
hello i would really enjoy the books .
yes you can
can i have everything else ?
can i have a hat and all the basketballs
all hats to you , book and balls to me
i can cede the book (plus hats) if i can have both balls
give
ill give you just one ball and the book
what is cede
deal
no can do , i need the book and three hats
no deal
i need the book and u can have the rest
no deal
you have to click on no deal
i need the book and 1 hat .
i need the book for sure . you can have all three hats if i get the book and the ball .
no deal .
no way . i need the book or no deal .
no deal .
i want one of each .
can i get 3 hats and 1 basketball ?
which items do you want ?
how about i give you 4 hats and i take one book and one ball ?
deal
what would you like
how bout all books for you
can't do that ,
never
all books for you and we call it even
no chance here as well
one of each
all books and the ball or hat
then the ball and hat for me ?
wow , tough cookie . i need the hat or the ball and the books
no chance
i can give you the book , but i need both balls and one hat
ok so you get one ball i get one ball , i will take both hats and the book
that is a no deal for me , i need those hats if i take one ball , it is hot here i need shade
i need to read the book though ! i must have book also
sadly no deal
i need the book and one ball
that doesn't work for me , the hats are worthless but i need a ball
no , i mean i need at least one ball in addition to the book
i said you can have the hats if i get the book and one ball
no deal
no deal
i would like 2 balls and 3 books for the hat and a book
ok deal
i'll take the hat and 1 book and 1 ball .
no deal . 1 ball and all the books , if i can have 1 ball and the hat .
sorry no , i need the balls and the 2 hats
ok deal .
can i have 2 hats and the book ?
i need at least 1 hat , can i have the book and a hat ?
i will take the ball and the book . you can have all 3 hats .
thanks !
okay
no prob
i need the hat and the ball or this isnt going to work
i cant make a deal without the hat either
could you take everything else and give me the hat ?
okay i want everything else for the hat
i get the hat , otheriwse we cant agree
if i can have the hat and three books you can have a book and the ball
i need the hat . i can't make a deal without it .
okay so no deal . i'm sorry .
that won't work for me . everything else doesn't add up to much
okay so i get the hat ?
no deal .
i'll take the ball and 1 book please .
alright if i give you the ball then i take the rest .
i'd like the ball as well .
deal .
hi sorry for the delay , i just want / need the book and one of the balls
they are yours .
i'd be willing to give you the book but only at the cost of all the other items
thanks !
what would you like to have ?
i also need the hats and a book , you can have the balls
all the hats ?
i need atleast one hat to even attempt to make a deal
no deal , i get one hat and 2 books , you get balls
i need the hats and either a book or a ball
i can't do that i have to have the hats and at least one other item
yes
then i need 2 hats and 2 books and 1 ball
okay
how about 2 hats and a basketball ?
you only want 1 ball ?
so in total which items do you want ? i'm confused .
i can settle with both books and a hat
ok , sounds good
i can give you 1 hat and 2 books for 1 ball .
unless you are willing to give me both balls
what do you want for both balls ?
ok i will give you 2 books and 1 hat and you give me 2 balls ? deal
i'd like the book and the balls .
deal
that's right and i get the book and one ball .
i can give you 1 ball
so i get hats and 1 ball correct ?
can i get the book and two balls ?
deal
no you cannot have the book and 2 balls you can have the book
deal
you can have the balls if i can have the book and hats
done deal
i'll take the ball , you can have the rest
i would like that thanks , and i would like either all the balls or the book
i need the book 1 hat and 2 balls
then i need both hats and either all the balls or the book
so i get both hats and the book , and you get all the balls . deal ?
you can have the hats .
i can give you one ball .
no way .
ok , i will take all the balls .
ok deal
hello , i would like the 2 books and 1 ball .
hat and 1 book and 1 ball to me
deal
if you let me have both books , i'll let you have everything else .
hi , i just need the books
yes
and i can take everything else ?
you've got a deal .
ok you would like a hat and two balls , am i right ?
not going to happen
book , two hats and one ball
how about you take all hats and i keep the re'st
i need three hats and the book please
what would you like ?
i need the hats . if i can have two hats and the book you can have the rest
okay deal .
naw ill take the hat and the books'
no you will tkae the basketball only
i'll take the basketball and hat please .
i'll take the basketball and a hat .
i would like the book and the balls .
how about i get one more ball ?
ok , i agree to your previous offer then .
you can have the book and one ball
i need three balls and the hats or i can not make the deal
okay thank you !
i just want one hat .
that's fine ,
hello , how about i take 1 hat , and you can have the rest ?
deal
the ball and two books for me ; the hat and a book for you . . . whaddya say ?
i want that ball
its the same deal for me . . . the hat is 0 . but i can live with just the books
i don't want books , so how about all the books for you and the rest to me
i take the ball , and you get the rest ?
i will gve up the books if i can have the hats and balls
done
i would like to split the hats , but you can have all of the balls
need book and hats
you get 1 book and 1 hat i get rest
no go , you can have the ball , the books are mine .
you can have the books and ball . i need the hats'
okay that works . thank you .
i'd like the book and both hats please
want to split it ? i'll take the book and a hat
i want both hats
you can have 1 hat and the books .
if you get both books than i need one hat .
yes .
can i have the two hats and the books ?
i need the two hats
i can have the two hats and one book ?
then that's a deal
i want the 3 books , but are you sure i can not have the ball also ?
i'd like the ball and the hat
gimme all your books
gimme the hat and the ball
deal
i would like the books and the ball .
deal .
i want the ball and the hats
i'd be fine with that !
each get one of each ?
i need hat and book
agreed , need hat or no deal
yup
agreed
we talk until button appears
im in need of the hat and two balls . . . book and one ball to you , what do ya think ?
the hat is my non negotiable . . . i can cede the rest
im afraid we're not going to have a deal then
no deal
hvent figured out how to end these no deals
i only want the ball , you can have everything else
i will give you a hat , a book and the ball .
fair enough to me .
how about you choose one or the other
ill take all the books
i would like the hat and the ball you can have 4 books
well i have to have that hat , and i love the basketball also
you can have all the books .
what would you like today ?
i need at least 1 hat
then i am negative . i need 3 hats you have the rest or 1 hat and eveyrthing else
deal
i'll have the hats if you want the rest .
okay , can i have two hats and a ball ?
i'll take a book and two balls . you can have the hats .
i'd need three hats with two books
i can't make the maths work on that
no deal
no deal
i can't until we have a certain number of exchanges first
i need 2 hats and the ball .
i need the ball and two other items .
no deal i guess .
no deal
you need to select no deal button
hi , can i have the hats and the ball ? you can have the 4 books
the books are worthless , i need the hats and the ball or no deal
sorry , no deal
hats and balls . same , books are worthless
ok
no , that won't work for me . i would like at least one hat and the ball .
my books are also worthless . i'll take the hats and two books and you can have the ball and two books .
which is more valuable to you - hats or balls ?
last offer and i feel i am giving you more than i should - three books and the ball for me and one book and the two hats for you .
i would like the book and two balls
sure
i need at least two balls and 1 hat . . . i'm bald . . and a eunuch .
give me books and ball
ouch . no deals then
agreed
nope
yes
nope . you can have ball and thats it
ok . no deal
no deal
no deal
no deal
hi
hello /
no i want 2 balls , and the hat , and 1 book
i will take the 3 balls and 1 ball
sorry about that . . . . 1 ball and 2 books
yes
no that does not work i need at least 1 ball and 3 books
deal
yes
can i have the hat and 2 balls ? you can have the rest
no thats too much you can have the 3 books
so 4 balls ?
you want 1 ball and 2 books ?
but i dont wnat the book can i trade you for the ball ? so i will get 1 hat and 2 balls
fine ill give you 1 ball and 2 books
okay deal i will get 1 book 1 hat and 1 ball
i want the hat and two books .
i get the hat , you can have everything else
i'm not making a deal without the hat , sorry
yes and i'm not budging .
ok , you get everything else , thank you
i need the hat and either 1 book and 1 ball
i do not need everything else , i just need the hat and 1 other thing
we are at a stalemate with the hat
ok then i get everything and you get the hat , not a good deal for me
could i have the ball and the hat and you can have all four books ?
ball and two books
how about you just take the ball
you take the ball and 2 books
how about you get three books but not the hat ?
i agree .
i'd like the hat and 1 book .
how about 1 hat for me , everything else for you ?
great !
okay
hi . i'd like a book and a ball .
great .
hello , i'd really like some books and balls
ill take three balls and a hat then ?
great
i'll take the book and a hat
sure
hello there . if i can have both the books , the rest can be yours .
i don't really care for the ball . i'd really like both books badly .
i'll give you one book , i'll take the ball , you can have the rest .
i can't give both books . i can give you one book and the rest if you must insist .
ok .
nah . i want both books and the ball .
i want both books and the ball . you get the bonus either way , you do realize that , right ?
ok , this isn't going to work for me
fine
well that happens to be perfect - deal
hello i need the balls , you can have the rest .
itake the rest
gimme balls
ok
hi there , how's it going ?
i'd like a ball and 2 books and you can have all the hats . deal ?
great confirming i get 1 ball and 2 books .
okay deal
i'll give you the ball if i can have the rest .
no . i'll need more than that .
but they're not worth enough for me . there's no way i can accept just the hats . that's a terrible deal for me .
i need ideally the book and the hats , but i can live with the book and the ball .
that's honestly my bottom line . i can't do anything else .
you can have all the hats and ill take the ball and book
you are getting 4 items and i am getting 2
so is just the ball for me
yeah thats not happening either
ill take the original deal of the ball
i want both balls , the hat , and one book .
no way . you can have the hat if i get both balls .
no go . i'll take both balls and the books , you can have the hat .
i get both balls , you get everything else .
you can have one ball and both books , i'm taking the hat and a ball .
deal , thanks
i'll take the balls and hat .
i'll take both balls and a book .
no deal
still not
okay
sure
i also need the book
6
sounds like a deal . .
hello , i would like the book and 2 of the remaining items , your preference
what's the book worth for you ?
okay , it's 5 for me , so i can let you have it , but i get the rest
i think i'd need both books and both balls .
can i have one book the hat and a ball ?
deal
i would like to take all balls and the hat and you can have the books .
ok how about you take the hat and books and ill take the balls ?
ok
what would you like
i really need the hat but am willing to share the balls
deal
i can let you have all the balls in return for the books and hat .
yes , it is a rather nice hat . if i get the hat and one book you can have everything else .
unfortunately i really need that hat . you can have everything else .
i would like to have the hat as well
the book has no value to me i would prefer the hat
fine doesnt matter to me
okay ill take the book and the 2 balls
i'd like hats .
may i have the hat , the ball and a book ?
the worst deal i can accept is the ball and the hat and then you can have the books .
ok
no
if you get the hat i want the rest
deal
deal
give me three hats
how about you take one hat ?
okay ill give you both hats if i get everything else
i'd like the hats .
no can do . everything else is nothing . sorry .
that's great . thanks !
i just want the ball
deal
ok
i'd like the hat , the rest to you
deal
can i have the ball and two hats
that's fair i guess
i could use the books and ball
cool , sounds like a deal
hi , i would like 2 books and 2 balls if possible .
ok deal
no i would like the hat please , you can have the rest of the itmes
thank you
would you like the book ?
fine
hi i would like the ball and books . you can have the hats
sorry , thats the best i can do . i cant give up more points than what i already am
no deal
no deal
no deal
i want the hats and one book to be fair on my side .
i understand , no deal then sorry
no deal
no deal
no deal
you can have the ball can we split the books
sure
if i can have the ball and the books you can have all of the hats
okay but , can i have a hat in return ?
okay so i will get one book , one hat , and the ball
the books would be nice ; rest are negotiable
deal
what would you like
i will give you the books and 1 hat
can't do that . i'll give you the hat and a ball .
ok that sounds fine i suppose
give me the books and balls
hats and balls to me
i'll give you the ball and one book
i need the ball and two books .
deal .
can i have the hats and the ball ?
i think that is fair
i need the ball you can have the rest
book and hats
book is mine or no deal
no deal then
no deal
no , i need all 3 balls and the books
i need 3 balls and 1 book
both books and the hat
can i get two hats and two balls ?
you can have the three balls if i can have the rest
no i need both books and at least one other thing
i need both books and the hat which would leave you with the three balls
i really enjoy to read and i like that deal . thanks
have a great day .
i will give you a good deal . i take the ball and a hat . the rest is yours
good
nah i need the book and three hats
no deal
hats are of marginal value to me
gimme ball and book
gimme book and ball or no deals
agreed
gimme ball
deal
i'll take the ball , you can have the rest
i'd like the book . you can have the rest .
i have to have the book . otherwise no deal . it's worth 8 points for me .
i want the book as well . can i have the book and 1 ball
deal - only worth 5 for me
i can do the balls and 1 hat .
i ; 'd like the book and 3 hats ; are the balls of value to you ?
sounds good to me !
i want the hat and balls
how about you get the books and balls , i keep the hat
i want the hat and books
sure
i hate the balls , i would give you the book if you give me the hat
i get hat and book you get all the balls
i get book and balls deal
deal .
i'd like hat and 2 balls
ok
all balls and either the hats or books to me
one hat and three balls to me
ok deal
give me the hats and one book and one ball
hats and books to me
both hats to me , you get rest
how about i take one of each object and you take the remaining 3 hats ?
i can agree to that .
i'd prefer to keep all the hats , is this at all posssible ?
works for me then !
what do you want ?
deal
i want the book and 3 balls
great
i can live with that .
i'm just gonna take the hat and 1 ball ok ?
i can give you three balls and a hat for the book .
so you want the hat for the book ? no balls ?
sounds great , sorry , i mis read
i'll take the hat . can i also get a ball ? i can give you 2 books .
i can give you 4 books if you give me ball (in addition to hat) .
fine , i'll take the hat and you can have 4 books (because i am nice) .
no
i am confused
sure .
basketball and 4 books for me . hat for you ?
you can take the hat . there's only one ball . i can give you 2 books ?
doens't work for me . i'll give you the same deal ?
4 books and the ball ?
so ?
last offer . i'll take the ball , and you get everything else ?
i'll give you the books if i get everything else
i would like the books and 1 ball .
okay .
i'd like the balls and the hat , you can keep the books !
the books are of no value to me . . . how about i take hat and 1 ball ? you get the rest . terrible score , but at least i can say i tried .
i really need the hat and 2 balls also .
the hat is the best value to me . but i'll agree to your deal .
ok , i can agree to that if i get everything else .
hi , i just want the book
can i have the book and 1 hat
thanks
yes
i'll take the hats , you can have the rest
i need both hats
i'll take the hat and a ball and you can have everything else if that's ok
i would need the hat and a ball to make a deal
i'll take the balls . you can have the rest .
sure
you can have the books , but i definitely need the ball .
deal .
i want the ball and books
if i give you the ball i want everything else
can't do that . the balls are literally of no value to me . i'd need the hat and both books .
i can't be left with just a hat , i'd only have 4 . the least i can do is one hat , one book . you would get one book and two balls .
sorry we couldn't make a deal . we have to keep responding with "no deal" so that the "no deal was agreed" button appears .
no deal
no deal
if i can have the hat and the books you can have the balls
if we can split the difference i will take everything but the hat
same for me . no deal .
no deal
no deal
i would like the books and ball . how about you take the hat and a book . i'll take the ball and two books .
i can't give up the ball . you can have the hat .
that's a bummer . the ball is the only thing of value to me . sorry .
that doesn't work for me , i need the ball
okay
if i can have the ball and the hat you can have the books
you can have the ball if i can have everything else
okay thank you !
unfortunately , that will not work for me . i can give you all of the hats and then i can take the books and the ball if that works for you
that won't work for me . i can take the ball , one book , and one hat if that works for you
okay great ! so you will take the hats and i will take everything else ?
great ! thank you !
hey there ! i'd like the ball and the hats ; how are the books looking for you ?
unfortunately thats pretty ugly . how about i get the ball and 2 hats , while you take 2 books and 1 hat ?
the books are worth nothing to me (such a lie , i love books ! ) - - i will take just the hats , then .
correct
no , that'll leave me with barely anything . i wanted 1 of each also .
no deal . the 3 balls are worthless to me .
they're of equal value .
i can do 1 hat and 2 balls at the least .
i think so . we can agree to the no deal
if i can have one of each you can have two balls
okay , then we need to split the difference if i can have the hat and the book you can have the balls ?
what is of more value to you the book or the hat ?
okay so would you be willing to take the book and one ball ?
i don't think we can make a deal . i think we need the same items .
no deal .
i need the hat . give me the hat and one ball and you can have everything else .
i'll offer you the same . you get everything else , i get the hat .
haha , ok i see i can't make you budge . i'll take everything else , you take the hat .
give me hat , and one ball
hat is made for my head , need hat , you get all rest
hmmmm . no deal . hat is much needed , family heirloom
if i can have the ball and the hats you can have the books
no deal . i need at least one hat
no deal . i need the ball and a hat or no deal .
no deal .
okay deal . thank you .
no deal .
i will take both hats and 1 book
then i will need both books a hat and the ball
i need both hats and a book to make this deal work
how about if i just take both books
sorry i meant both hats , i will take both hats
ok no deal
i keep the ball you get the rest
deal .
i'd like book , hats and 1 ball
i need the book and hats , you get all balls
deal
i need the book , i love to learn . you have the hat and 3 balls
no deal , i must have the book
neither am i , seems like we can not make a deal
no deal , but you selected deal . . .
ok mark no deal since we can not compromise on the book
i want the book .
i don't need any of those items . i only want the book .
i am not interested in the items that are not the book .
no deal then .
i have not marked anything
deal .
if i take the hats you can have the rest
i can offer the hat and 2 balls
works for me
i'd be content with just the ball
i'd like all of the balls
deal
if i can have the balls and one hat you can have the rest
great !
i need the ball - can not make a deal without it
you can have all the books but i would like at least 1 hat to go along with the ball .
correct .
ca i have the ball and books and you can take all the hats ?
i'd need to take all the books and two of the hats for that deal .
okay , so i'm taking all books and two hats ?
now see , i promised my dying son i'd play one last game of basketball with him . i need that ball .
thanks . its a deal .
i will take the hat and the ball you can have all the books .
alright , alright - you take the books and the ball . i will ride off on my horse with that hat .
i'll take 3 balls and the hat
deal
okay
i want the books , you can have the rest
deal
i would like the books and the hats
you can have 1 hat along with the balls . deal ?
i will take the balls but you have to give me atleast one hat or a book
done deal
gimme the balls , you take rest
i get balls , you take rest
i will take the books , hat , and one ball .
ok .
i want 3 hat
i can do book and 2 hats
final sorry
i would like the hats , and either the ball or book also
i can take the ball , and book but i would need one hat for the deal
is that your final offer ? i would like 2 hats its hot here
ok i will take the deal
hi . ill take the book and hat and you can have all the balls
no sorry . that's the best deal i can do .
i gave you the best deal i could offer
fine . we can do you deal
could i have the hat and two balls ?
welp guess we sit here , please let me know when you are willing to renegotiate .
i'm sure have but alas it isn't a very good deal for me .
the book is no value to me , i guess i can use all the books
i mean all the hats i get , and you get the rest
deal
can i get the ball ?
ok
sounds great
sorry , re read what you typed
no , i need both books
i'll take both books , you can have the rest
i want two and one of the books and balls .
how about two books and a ball for me ?
can i take the rest . i'd rather give up a hat if not .
could i get the hat and one ball ?
the books . you ?
i will give you both books if you let me keep the rest .
what item is worth the most to you ?
same , i need one . can i get both balls and a book ?
ok
i can let you have two hats .
how about you get one book and two hats , i take one of each item .
i'd like books and 1 hat or 1 ball .
deal .
you take book , i get rest
ok
i want the book , hat and a ball
no i want both hats and a ball
deal
which item is most important to you ?
how about you just take the hat
okay deal , you take the hat and ball
i'd really appreciate the hat and at least 1 book
i can't do just that , i can do the hat and the ball
hello i would love the ball
i just want the ball
i need the ball , sorry , you can have the rest
okay , i'll take the hats , the rest to you
i need the ball and the book
rest are worthless to me , i need the ball and the book you can have the hats
deal
no
could i have the book and the ball ?
split them ? i don't even need hats .
yea
sorry . those were the ones i need also .
i get the book and all the hats , you get the ball ?
i'll do better than that . you can have two balls , and one hat .
i'd like 2 hats and 1 ball .
can i take the three balls ?
no
i take the three books ?
yes
deal , i take three books
you take one book and one ball ,
just three balls then
then
only
deal
ok
i just want two books
deal
i would like both hats for surew
i will give you one hat , i get one hat and book and both balls
i have nothing that is zero points , but i will also make 6 points out of all those items
fine , but i am not happy about it i know you got a better deal
sorry , i need at least 1 hat . they are worth 6 points to me and the rest are 0 points .
i will take whatever you have that is 0 points . i need more than just the hat .
i get 1 hat and 1 ball . you get 1 hat , 1 ball , and 1 book .
how about i get the hats and the ball ?
if i can't have the ball i need everything else .
you can have a hat .
fine . i'll take a book and 3 hats .
ill take the ball and books you can have the hats
oh no i need the ball , and 1 book
i need a book to go with the ball
the hats are worthless to me
cool
i need the ball and 2 books . i can offer you the hat and 1 book .
i really need the ball and 2 books . i can not really move off those amounts .
ok , you get the hat , i get the rest . that works for me .
hi i need the hat and 1 ball
i can do hat and 2 books
i can take the hat and give you the rest ?
ouch , thats a bad deal for me . give me 2 books , you get rest
i would like all 3 books and you could take the rest ?
ok that will work for me deal
how about i take the ball and two books and you get the hat and the other book ?
i will take the hat and basketball you can have the 3 books
perfect that's a deal
i must have the hat
same here
keep talking until the no deal lights up
unless you give me everything : )
comeon
can i have the hat and 2 balls ?
sorry , without the hat i won`t make any deals
no deal then , i won`t give up the book
no deal
no deal
hat only
hat and one book
no can do
how about hat only
no
hi i would like the hat and books
cant do that . sorry
hat and 2 books and you got a deal
ok , no deal
nope sorry . i at least need the hat and 2 books
ok
ok
i'll take the hat and book , you can have the balls
all the hats ?
what do you want ?
deal
hat and ball .
no deal . books are 1 point for me . i can do wither hat or ball and 3 books .
sorry . that was my bad . yeah i meant hats not books .
yes .
what would you like ?
i want ball , book and 1 hat
i'm confused ; did you want 3 hats and either book or ball ?
so you take 3 hats and book ; i take ball and 1 hat
ok
gimme the book
you got it !
i need the book most of all
i need the hat and 1 book please .
no deal . i need the hat and 1 book .
i need the hat and 1 book .
alright no deal .
no deal .
i needs hat and balls
no deal ?
we'll wait for no deal button
ok
wheres it at
i need the book and two other items
i'd like the hat and book .
i'll take the hat and one ball .
how about i take the book and you take two hats instead ?
okay . i'll take everything else then .
i'd like the book , rest to you
hmmm , i really need the book
deal
hi , can i have one book and one ball ?
ok .
you can have all of the balls if i can have the book and hat .
how about you just take the books
deal
i would like the ball and the books .
i will need the hats as well if i cannot have the ball .
i need the book and two hats
it's of no value for me . but you can have the hats if i can get the book
that will not work for me . the ball is of little value to me
deal
im sorry i need the balls . i can offer the hat and 1 book
ok , i can do that
hello , i'll take the hat and 2 balls
i'll take the hat and just one ball
i really would like the hat too . would you like all the books and 1 ball instead ?
i need at least 2 balls
alright then , i will take the balls and you can have the rest .
i just want the hat and 2 books
all the books and all the balls
those balls must be worth a lot to you , give me the books annd the hat and you take all the balls
i can't agree to that deal . i'll take the ball , but i'm going to need one of the books as well .
if that seems to you .
i want the hat and 2 books
so you get the ball and 1 book ?
deal
hello i would like the hats and the books or the balls
i would like one of the balls as well
you can have both balls but i can not give up the hats . we can split the books .
okay deal .
i take balls and one hat
yeah that not interesting to me
fine , two balls and one book for me
i'd like ball and 2 hats .
okie dokie .
i will respond after this line of filler to mislead the system
yeah i take 2 books and a hat
i can't do that . i'll take a book and two balls , and you can have the rest .
i absolutely can't do that .
either the book or hat , and at least two balls .
nope . that doesn't work for me .
deal
i would like the book , the hat , and a ball
i need the book , the hat , and 1 ball
what do you absolutely need ?
i need the book and 3 balls
i could take the book and 2 balls
deal
i really need the book , and i'd like the balls too
i can't make a deal without the book , so no deal
sorry , i want the book and 4 hats or no deal
then take only the book and i take the rest
best i can do is book and 2 hats or book and 2 balls
no i mean ill take them not give them to you
so ill take the book and 2 balls then
deal
i'll take the book and two hats
i need the two hatd , it does not work out mathemetically for me otherwise
ok
i'd like balls .
if i can take the rest , its a deal .
book and two hats for me
i need the book , you get everything else
no deal then
no deal
no deal
hi i would like the book and balls . you can have the hats
sorry i need the book and the balls to get a decent score
sorry no deal
no deal
no deal
you can have the hats but , i need the ball and the books
all the hats and the book , you get the ball .
i would like the hat and the book and you can have all the balls .
i don't either , they have 0 value for me . i can't give up the hat though . willing to give up the book
no problem . no deal then .
agreed . no deal .
sorry grandma . no deal .
i dont really care for the balls
i dont think we can make a deal then
blarg
but maybe you just gi ve me everything . so my grandma doesnt starve
also my horse is starving
howdy partner , i seem to have lost my hat and the sun's awful bright out here . you can have the books , since i don't know how to read , but i'd be mighty appreciative of the hat . i'll also wrangle that nasty basketball outta here .
truth be told , my little boy's wanted a pet basketball for ages now . i'll settle for the basketball and a book , think i can use those pages to keep the sun outta my eyes .
i would like the hat and the books .
how about i take the hat and you take everything else ?
if i can have the hat and the balls you can have the books
great ! thank you !
ok
i got 3 balls
i have one book
cab ui get thta book ?
how about for 3 balls ?
i have 2
i also have 1 book .
i'm keeping my book since i have only one .
i guess that's ok .
i want the ball and atleast three books please
yeah
thats only if you add me a book
okay two hats one ball and one book for me then . deal !
ok , so i get the books and 1 hat ?
ok , deal
hi , i need the ball and 1 hat
yes
i'll take the hat and balls , you can have the books
i'll take the balls
yes
the books and hat will be fine for me or books and a ball , make a pick
so i get the hat and books ?
good , deal !
i want the book and the ball , you can have the hats .
deal , thanks
ok
balls and one hat for me
hi , can i have the book and 2 hats ?
ok deal
hello . i'll take two books , a hat and the ball
that's not a response . please send a negotiation
ok
o
i'll take 2 hats and the ball .
i would like the 2 books and you can have the rest .
deal
i will take the book and hats you take the balls
i can't give up the book best i can do is i take the book you take the rest
neither can i . . .
no if i can't have the book we can't make a deal
ok i agree no deal
it seems you have to conversate until it comes up
i need the book
no i can not give up the book
then we don't have a deal
sorry no deal
i can't get the no deal button to work
i will take the basketball and book . you take the hats
you take the ball and i will take the rest
i need ball
ok
i would like the hats and the balls .
how about two hats and one ball instead ?
i can give you one hat and the balls
okay deal , you can take two hats and one ball
hello . i would like 2 basketballs and one hat .
one basketball , one hat , one book each . down the middle .
how about one basketball and one hat each ?
cool .
i would like 2 hats , you can have the rest
okay .
hello i would like the hats and the book
is there anyway you would be willing to accept the book instead ?
if that is the best you can offer . deal .
hi , can i just take the 2 balls ?
sorry , that does not work for me . i really need the 2 balls and that`s it
can i get the two books and the hats ?
does not make much sense
yes , can i have the two books ? you can have the rest
yes
one book and one hat
for you
ok just two ooks
need books and one ball
can i get both books and the hat ?
gimme books and one ball then
what is most valuable to you ?
the balls are valuable to me as well . i would prefer the hat and two balls , and i would be glad to give you the books .
no , i definitely need the hat . sorry . i might be able to compromise with the hat and just one ball , i suppose .
okay . that's fair .
i take the rest
deal
hi i want the book .
ok , you can have the rest . i just want the book .
i need at least 2 balls
if i can have the book and the balls you can have the hats
okay you can have two balls and two hats
i'd like the books and balls ; hat is no use to me . make me an offer .
hat any value to you ? you wouldn't be interested in 3 books , 1 ball for me would you ? : )
alright . is it 0 or minimal value ? i'll take books , but we need to know who gets the hat . i don't need it .
what would you like
i need the balls but you can have the rest
hat has no value for me . . .
i'll take it
i get the ball you get the rest .
okay deal .
i'll take one hat and one ball and i will give you three books . will this work for you ?
i really need the hat as well . i'll give you everything else for the hat
that is the best i can do . so i will take the hat and you can have everything else .
nope . really need the hat and a little bit of everything else .
okay , if that's the best you can do .
that's tough . i like the books too . i'll let you have the two books if you give me the hats and the ball .
i like the books
ok
i'll give you 1 hat for 1 book and 2 balls
2 hats for 1 book and 2 balls
3 hats for 1 book and 2 balls
no deal
1 book and 1 ball for me
how about i get 1 book and 2 hats , you get rest
how about i get the book and a hat
book and 2 hats for me
all hats and balls for me
deal
i can offer you either a hat or a book
can you do without all of them ?
okay ill give you three hats and the book
i would like all the hats .
i can take three of them and either the book or ball
deal
i want the hat and books
split the books , you take the balls and i take the hat ?
yes
that or nothing
ok no deal
i want that too
i get the balls and one book ?
thats still low
nothing then
no deal
okay
no .
honestly , my pictures have disappeared , so i need 3 of what's on top .
i'd like the hat .
did you want a ball ?
do you want 2 balls ?
i can trade 2 books .
i want the books
ok
you can books and hats , they're worthless to me . i just want balls .
great , and one ball and one hat
i need one ball , one hat , one book
giggles , no , one ball , two hats for me
you get one ball and one book , i get the rest ?
deal
you can have the book
you can have all the hats and the book . i will take 2 balls
i need both balls ( ! ! : - ) you can have everything else
i can do 1 ball and the book
yes
i really want that ball ! how about you get everything else ?
that doesn't work for me . i love to shoot hoops . i would like to be the next mugsy bugs !
doesn't riding off in the sunset with a horse sound like a better deal ?
i don't think we are going to be able to make a deal . there is no way to cut that ball in half .
i can't do that . i am very sorry .
hello ! how about i keep the ball , and you can have all of the hats and books ?
i really want that ball too , though . how about you keep everything else ?
i'm michael jordan's little brother . i need that ball !
nope , so how about you give me that ball ?
i'm really trying to be as good as my big brother . you might be a hero and see me play professionally on tv if you give me that ball .
gimme the hats and book
can i have 2 balls and 2 hats
deal
ill take the books but i need at least 1 hat
i need the hats and teh book
okay
i'd like that book , can i intrest you in starting a cowboy basketball team ?
you can have it all , except that book , gotta have the book .
you can have the balls i want the rest
sorry i cant give you both books i can give you a book and a ball
no one book and 1 ball
sorry that wont work for me thats the best i can do
guess so
i can give you a hat and a ball
i really want the books , you can have the hats
one book and both balls
sorry , but if i am only hetting one book , i need both balls
then i guess we are at a stalemate
what about the hats ?
i wwant both hats , one book and one ball
its look even better to me .
well if you want the hat ill take all the books and the ball .
no this would bring my value super low .
yeah that will have to work .
the hat looks real real good to me . don't think i could give it up . what are your thoughts ?
i'm not sure about that ! i seriously can't make a deal without the hat . seriously can't .
can i have the ball , too ?
okay , i get the hat , you get the rest ?
one book and one hat
deal
give me the books and hats .
no . two books and one hat .
deal
i will take the ball . you can have the books and the hat .
no , i need the ball , you can have the rest
wow , neither can i !
bummer
no problem , but you checked deal was agreed when it wasn't , so i'm going to have to return this hit
hmmm , well i don't know what to do ! i can't check deal not agreed , because it's not an option that is clickable
what if i take 1 book , 1 hat and 1 ball
i can't give up the ball
so i guess we can't reach a deal
sorry
i never checked deal agreed
i need the ball and books
i would also like the book , you can keep the balls
i don't want any balls . i want the book
me too
sure , but i will take everything else
i'd like the book and the balls .
i really want that book . you can have both hats and one ball .
the book is really the only thing i want .
can i have the book ?
deal .
no way . i will take the ball and 2 books .
okay deal .
i want everything .
no way . you can have one book and the ball .
well , i could give up the hats , but i would rather have the books and the ball .
how about the hats and the ball ?
yes .
so hats and ball to you , books to me , thank you .
hi i would like the hats and 2 books
could i have the hats and 1 book ?
and you get the 3 books ?
deal
thank you
hey there ! i'd like to take the hat and you can have everything else . : )
okay
ill take the balls but i need the book too
thanks
i would like the hats and the book .
deal .
i'll take the hat and balls
hat and 2 balls
hello
i will give you the hats
ok
i want the book and the ball
i'd need the book and at least 2 hats to be even sorta reasonable
no deal
it's not popping up
no deal
what would you like
how about the book and one hat
no deal
no deal
no deal , be patient
unfortunately , i can not make that deal . i need the hat and two balls you can have the book and two balls if that will work for you
i need the hat . if i can not get the hat i can not make a deal .
if i can have the hat and two balls you can have the book and two balls
okay thank you !
i'll take the hat and book
i'll take the hat and two balls
whats your deal
ok deal
i need two of the hats and the ball
that doesn't work for me . everything's 2 , i need at least three objects to be worthwhile
that doesn't work since i need three items
no deal
id like the book , 2 hats and a ball . . . what do you think ?
if you get the book i need the rest . . . book is 8 to me
i 100 % can not give up the book . you can have all the hats . i would like the balls but will split them up if we need to .
thats fine .
sorry , i cant accept that . i would like the hat and ball and you can have the books
sorry , looks like we wont be able to come up with a deal
sorry , i need both the hat and ball to make it worthwhile for me
i understand . no deal then
no deal
i'll take the ball , the hat and 1 book .
not acceptable . i'll take the ball and 2 books .
how about the hat and 3 books for myself ?
ok , no deal . i must have either the hat or the ball .
no deal
i want both hats rest for you
ok deal
deal
i keep the ball you get eveyrthing else
deal .
hey there . i want all the balls .
deal
you can have them if you give me all of the hats and books
great
i want the ball and books
i want the ball and the books and your first born
not without your first born it wasnt . make a better offer
ok deal
i'd like the hat the ball and one book
nope . i think the deal i offered is fair .
ok . i'll take the three books .
cant happen . i need the book and one other item to make a deal with you
if you have the book i want everything else
i need the book and 2 balls
the book is a non negotiable
fine
you can have it as long as i can keep everything else .
i want the hat
ok
i'd like hat . you can have the rest .
okay , that sounds good
hello , i'd like the balls and hat . you can have the books .
i can't do that . i can give you the hat and two books .
best i can do is the hat and all three books .
yes , i need those balls i'm afraid .
you can have one ball and one book if i get the rest .
how about you get one ball and the hat ?
given you aren't getting both balls , what would you like ?
how about one ball and two books ?
we can agree on that then .
no can do id like the balls and hat
no deal
no deal we want the same things so were not going to be able to negoiate
so do i
no deal
nodeal
i want no deal i cant take one ball and one hat or one ball and one book i would rather have no deal
no deal im clicking the no deal
deal
i would like the hats
if i can have the hat i will give you everything else
perfect !
sounds great !
hi i would like the hats and ball and you can have the books
ok , i can do that
i need the ball and the books
ok . . . i can do that .
i'd like balls and book .
hello i'm very interested in the books and balls
yes i will take all the balls
oh sorry , i will take all the books , you can have all the hats and one ball
you can have the books and one hat if i can have the ball and two hats
i need the ball
okay great ! thank you !
no deal
the book and two hats for me
okay give me the ball and two hats
deal
if i can have the ball and the book you can have the hats
okay what deal do you propose ? i can not make a deal without the book and one other item
i can not make a deal without the book . i need the book and one other item
okay deal .
i would like the hats and the balls .
deal
could i have the book and 2 hats
yeah me too . its the only one of value for me
ok
no deal
i cant seem to get the no deal button to come up on my end
i need the book or no deal
same , then its no deal
no deal ?
no deal
just keep going
i'll take the hat and 2 balls
unpossible . i'll take both books and the hat
ok , i'll take one book and the hat
not possible i have to have the hat and 1 ball to make a deal
i need the balls and 1 book then
i want the hat and book
hat and 3 balls
yes
hi i would like the book and hat and you can have the balls
that wont work for me
you want the hat and 3 balls ?
ok deal
if i can have the balls and one book you can have the hat and one book
okay that will be fine .
how willing would you take the balls and the hat while i take the books ?
you can have the books but i want the hats and a ball
i would like the books and the balls .
deal .
i need 2 hats and book
hey , i want the ball and two hats
i really want two hats and the ball
i need the balls and the hat
so i get 2 books and 2 balls
sounds good
how about i keep the hat , and you can have 2 balls ?
yes
i need the hats , you can have the rest
i can't do anything but 2 hats
so no deal
no deal
no deal
if you keep messaging it will eventually light up
i'm sorry , i'm unable to do that . i need the ball , at least one hat and one book . even then i'd be taking a loss .
i can't give up any hats either . i'd need at least one .
yes , no deal . sorry .
no deal
i'm unable to select the "no deal was agreed" button . are you ?
three books for you and hat . i want the ball
gimme hat and 2 books
deal
yeah i can't , i ll take hats and you take the rest
why don't you take all balls and book
so no deal
no deal
no deal
hi i would like the hats and balls and you can have the book
that wont work for me . no deal
that doesnt work for me
no deal
no deal
deal
ill take the book you get the rest .
ok i get the book you get the rest .
i need the same . can you part with the hats ?
that won't work for me . i need the hats . if i can have one ball , one hat , and one book you can have the hat and the ball
okay if that is the best you can do .
i would like the hats and the book .
how about i take the hats and you take the rest ?
how about i get one hat and the book and you take the rest ? this is my last offer .
ill take the balls but i need at least 2 hats
ok . ill take that
i want the book and the hats
1 hat and the balls for you ?
i would like the hats and 2 books
ok
ok
you can have a hat and a ball i'll take the rest .
okay it's a deal .
i want the books and hats
i need that book
then i have to take everything else
nope
i take everything if i don't have the book
you can have all of the hats i need 1 book and 2 balls
i also need the book , it is the only thing worth while for me'
how about i get the book and 1 ball ?
i am only taking 2 items come on
ok deal
hello , i would like the book and either the balls or the hats please
not even saying please ?
what would you like ?
okay deal
you can't have it all
never
i need hats and two balls
i need the book and 1 hat
you have a deal . i'll take the rest .
i just wat the 2 hats
ok deal
hats have very little value to me . i don't care about the book . i need 1 ball at least
i was thinking 3 hats and a ball for me .
fine
if ic an have the balls and book you can have all three hats
well in that case i need one ball , the book and 2 hats
split it with you , two hats and a ball for you .
just that ?
two balls and one hat is good for me
hi i would like the books and balls and you can have the hat
you can have 2 balls and the hat i
i need all three books , you can have the rest
that works for me . thank you !
okay . lets to it
i'd like 2 books and 1 hat please .
great , thanks for your cooperation .
3 balls and 1 book
whoops sorry i'll give you 2 hats for the ball
i'll take it
deal
what would you like
there is only 1 ball
i will give you 4 hats for the rest
so i get the ball and tyhe book . deal
i will give you three balls
how about one hat ?
how about one of each ?
well the best i can do is give you two hats and one ball
i can only spare one hat
so you want just two hats ?
i'd like the book and 1 hat .
balls are 0 for me .
i can do both hats or 1 book and 1 hat .
balls are 0 for me .
i just want the two hats . balls are 0 for me .
you just offered 2 hats .
how about two books and the ball for me ?
what do you want
deal
agree
no deal
the ball and hat
you take the books i get the hat and ball
thx
i'd like the ball and the books and you can have the 2 hats
no deal . you can have the hats only .
no deal .
okay , setting all numbers to 0 until no deal button shows up
no deal was agreed .
if i take the hats i need the books as well
i can't accept that deal . . . i would need the ball if i can not have the rest
okay no deal .
okay no deal .
no deal .
hey i want two books a ball and a hat
how about you take just the hat ?
ok
yes
you take the books and i will take the hat and the ball
i can't make a deal without both the hat and the ball
so you take the books and i take the hat and the ball
if i can have the book and the balls you can have the hat
no deal . i need the book and two balls you can have the hat and one ball
i can not make that deal . i would have a low score .
definitely not a good deal for me . the only thing i could do for a very low score would be for me to take the balls and you can have the rest
definitely won't work . i don't think we can make a deal .
can't do that . what if i get the hat and all of the balls
no way . how about i get the hat and two balls
so will i . what if i take all three balls .
don't think i can do that . what if i get the book and one ball ?
okay , no deal
hey there ! can i have the hat ? you can keep everything else .
hat is the only item with a value . i can't give it up . you can keep the books and the balls .
how about you take all the balls and i get the hat and books ?
okay , agreed .
i'll take the hats and one ball , and you can have the rest .
ok
i would like 1 book and 2 balls .
no thanks . the book is the highest value to me . i'll take 1 book and 1 ball .
i would like to keep the book . take all the balls . i'll take the hats if you can spare them .
deal .
im keeping the ball , you can have the hats
then a hat and a ball ?
okay . 2 hats and a ball
i'd like 2 hats and a ball please .
nah , that won't work for me .
i can do 2 balls and a hat or 2 hats and a ball
okay deal , thanks .
i would like the hat and the ball
books and one hat to me
you keep the balls i keep the hat and the book
so do i , i have to have the book and the hat or no deal
no hat , no deal
no deal
no deal
sorry mate , but i need that hat .
i'm ok with giving you the book , but not the hat .
no deal then , i can't give up the hat .
no deal .
i wonder how many more times we have to say no deal until we can click no deal .
i need the hat and 2 books
without the hat i cannot make a deal
okay
i would like ball and hat
okay - you take hat and 1 book
i can give you all the hats
i could give you the hats and one ball
ok , but i'd need two balls too
deal
you can have 3 books , i'll take 1 of each
the first deal works better for me , you can have the books if i get the hat and ball
i need all the books
if i can't have all the books i want 3 books and 1 hat
ok fine
hat and balls or books if not all balls
hat and balls
ok
give me the books and 2 balls
take all balls , i get hat and books
i take books and a ball , you get rest
i have to get 4 of any items . you can choose which 4 .
thank you very much .
the ball and the book are what i covet . . . i can cede the books
usually i would reject that out of hand , , , but i can live with just the ball - the rest are yours
i also want the book along with the ball and 1 hat
i would like the book and a hat please
i need hats for sure , and i want books , too . how about you ?
may i have one book in addition to the hats please ?
yay !
i need the balls and books . you can have the hats .
ok . i'll take the balls . you can have the hats . we'll divide the books .
agreed !
you take the hat i take the ball and the books
i can't make a deal without the ball
okay
okay
no way , you can have all the books and i will take hat and ball .
i will then take hat and 2 books .
deal i take one hat and two books then .
i'll take the books if you take the rest .
ok
i could use the books and you can have everything else
no thanks if you give me 2 books you can have the rest
id like the hats and ball
ball for you and rest for me . . . . deal
i will give both hats and both books
gimme the hat and book
hmmm . no deal so soon ?
ok
nope , i want the hat and the book
i want the book you take the rest
what would you like today ?
i just moved to texas and look like a yankee . i really need the hats but can negotiate the other
if i give up a hat i have to have the ball . i really hate reading so can give up those
ok . so i get 1 ball and i hat
a ball , 2 hats , and a side of slaw
one hat a piece , ball goes to me lone with one book
deal
if i can have the hat i will give you everything else
i can't make that trade . if i get the hat i can give you everything else
i can't agree to that . the best deal i can give is the one i stated .
you will get three books and two balls for one hat
if you want one of each why can't you take 3 of the books and 2 of the balls ?
okay then no deal .
how about get the hat , one book and one ball
i want the hat and at least two more items
that won't work for me
i want the hat one book and one ball
because that is the deal that i am willing to accept
can i keep one ball
sorry no deal
deal
take all balls and hat i keep all book
i'd like the hat and all balls
then i also need 2 books
let's put it this way . i need the hat and either all balls or all books . you choose
which ?
ok
i need the 2 hats you can have the rest
i need both hats or i can't make a deal
you can have the ball and the books
i would like the 2 hats and the ball .
no deal , you can have one hat and i'll have the other , plus the ball
no deal , the ball is not a good catch on its own
okay thanks .
okay
i'll take the ball and 2 books
great
i want the 3 balls and at least one book . . . you can keep the rest , this is fair on my part
i would like the 2 hats and 2 books and you could keep all the three balls
okay done you could keep the balls and one book
you can have the balls , i need 3 books and 1 hat
deal
i would like 2 balls and 2 hats
ok , then i need the 2 balls and 1 hat
all hats to me , you have rest
deal
deal
one books for me , you have rest
no deal button not appearing
i must have the ball .
no deal
but the no deal button isn't available .
unfortunate waste of time .
we haven't even started . i want the ball and both hats .
i can't give up the ball either .
agreed . no deal .
i think we just keep chatting and it'll eventually pop up .
agreed . no deal .
i'll let you have a book and three hats .
two books and the rest for me ?
i would like 2 books 1 hat
no deal , two books
yes
i i can have the books you can have the rest
me need books
can i get 1 book 1 hat you take the rest
ok hat and rest for me
thats a dal
hi i would like the book and hat and you can have the balls
give me all books and a ball
okay i will take the hat . done deal !
deal
if i can have the books you can have the rest
great ! thank you !
i need a ball , can we split up the rest
there is no way possible for me to give up the ball sorry
i guess i'll take the loss for you . give me all the other goodies
i have to have the ball . you can have everything else
me either sorry . its worth 10 for me !
all yours
i'll take the books , you can have everything else
sure
i want the hat a book and the ball
ok deal
you can have hat and all books and i keep the ball
i keep book you get everythign else
okay deal .
can i get the ball and one hat ?
sure .
give me all books
two book and hat to me
all books and ball to me
deal
two books
forget about the hat
two books and one ball
i want the hat and all the balls
deal
i want hat , you take rest
give me the hat and balls
give me 2 books and the hat
i need 2 balls and 2 books
deal
hello there ! i'd like the book and the hats , balls can be yours !
any chance i can have the book and 2 hats ?
with that , i'm assuming your book is 2 points , and you're not willing to give it up ?
hmph , alright . i'll go with just the hats
i'm okay with you having the hats , but i'd like book and balls .
i have no need for the hats .
more
i'll take the ball and 2 books ?
how would you like all of the books ? i would take everything else .
that will work
if i can have the book and the ball you can have the hats
you can have all three hats
i do too . i can not make a deal without it . i do not think we will be able to make a deal .
no deal .
no deal .
sorry , i definitely need the hat .
sorry , i meant i definitely need the ball
no problem . no deal then .
no deal .
agreed . no deal .
ok
i'd like the balls and you can have the hat and books
thanks , sounds like a deal
if i can have the ball and the books you can have the hats
okay well then would you accept one book as well ?
okay great ! thank you !
i dont want the hats that much
yes
deal
i'd like the book and the hat you can keep all 4 balls .
i need the book and a ball
the hats are valueless to me , no deal . i want the book . if i cant have the book then there won't be no deal .
deal
i'll take the book and balls , you can have the hats
fine take that , i'll take the rest
i can not make that deal . i need the books as well . can we split the difference ? you can have one book and the hat and i can have the book , the hat and the ball ?
i need the books as well . i can not make a deal without a least one
i need the ball as well
okay deal .
i would like both books and a hat
i just want the books
ok , one hat one book
yea you get one ball , book , hat
hello , i'd like the balls and am willing to give you the book and hat in return
deal .
deal
i'll take the hats and give you the rest .
you can have the books but , i need the hat and the balls
okay thank you !
give me the books and balls
ok
i will give you all of the hats for one ball .
no , i will give you two books and a hat for one ball
three hats , one book for the ball or nothing
you can take the hat , if i can have 1 ball and all the books
hi , can i take the hat and 2 balls ?
ok deal .
i will give you everything minus the one basketball .
deal .
i want the book and two balls
and i get the hat
the book the hat and a ball .
you can have 3 balls and i'll take the book .
deal i get the book you get the rest .
you can have them i'll take the ball and books
i only want the hats
sure
i'll give you the ball with 1 hat
i want the ball and two books , you can have the hats .
okay fine . agreed .
no
no . i need the book and hat and 1 ball
ok no deal
just waiting for the button
yep
gimme book and 2 balls
gimme book , you take rest
i need the book , or we go to no deal
ok
same
ditto
two balls and a book
yes
so i get the hat and 1 book ?
i need the book and 1 hat
i need at least 1 of the other items with the book
then you take the book and i will take the rest
i'd like the book and one hat
bummer , i'll take the hats and the balls ?
no deal , sorry
ok , deal
i would like the ball and the book and you can have the rest .
i would like the book and the ball then and you can have the rest .
the ball's my highest valued item as well , i can't give it up .
it's grayed out .
no deal .
no deal
i need the ball thats it
hit the no deal button
keep saying no deal
no deal
deal .
i'll take the books . . . . . you can have the rest if you like .
give me book
i need book or no deal
ok , no deal
me too
true
i want the book , you can have 3 balls and one hat
then no deal , sorry i can`t give you the book
sorry did not work out
maybe next time
yes
i would like the hat and 2 balls
ok , can i add 1 book
ok , 1 hat , 1 ball works for me
what would you like
only one ball
nope
deal
i'd like the hats and balls
i need at least one hat with the balls
deal
you can have the balls but , i need the hats and the books please
okay you can have one hat and the balls
you can have 1 ball and a book
i need 2 hats and 1 ball
ok . if i get 2 hats
i would like 2 balls and 1 book please .
no deal . i would like 1 book , 1 hat , and 1 ball then .
i need 2 balls and 1 book . or 1 book , 1 hat , 1 ball . otherwise , not enough for me to make a deal
ok , 2 hats for you . thanks
i woud like the book and one hat
deal
i want the hats and one ball
i will take the basketball and the hats you can have the books
no way i will take the baskeball 1 hat and 1 book you can have 1 book and 1 hat
you can have the hat and two balls but , i would need the books and one ball
i don't think we can make a deal then . i'm sorry . i need the books as well
no deal .
no deal
no deal
hi , i need the hat and 2 books
sorry no deal , need the hat and 2 books or it`s not fair on my side
no deal sorry
no deal
no deal
one of each
no deal
no deal
no
hit the no deal buton we both get paid
i need the book and a hat , you can have the rest
ok , just the book for me
you can't give up the book ?
well then no deal
hasn't popped up yet
ok
so , if i can have the book and the hat , i'll gladly give you all three balls .
awesome , deal .
can i have the book ?
ok , i`ll take the book and 2 hats
if i can have the balls and 1 / 2 the hats
ok deal
i need the hat and 1 book and you can have the rest
the balls have no value
i have to have the hat
how about i take the books and 1 ball
i'll take the books and hat if you want the balls
i cant make that work mathmatecally . . . . . . i could do the hat and 3 balls
thats what i was saying i will take the balls and a hat
i would have to take everything else if you wanted the hat
hi . ill take the balls and books and you can have the hat
no sorry . how about 2 balls and the hat ?
sorry looks like we dont have a deal
ok . we have to go back and forth until it does
yep
gee . . . . what a deal =p i'll take two books and a hat
still screws me mathmatically . . . . . . . i can go two books and two balls or the hat and two books . . . . . . or all three books
ok . . . . click on the no deal button when you can
ok
ok
is that the best deal you got ?
ill take the 1 st deal . you can have the hat and 1 book
i would like the hat and 1 book
ok how about the hat and a ball
ok deal
ok
i'll take the ball and a book
i do too
i would need the same or two books instead of ball
same here
yes , click on the no deal button
look below it says "no deal was agreed"
i want 3 hats
i can settle for 2 hats and ball .
i don't get to 5 unless i have 2 hats
i don't think we can agree .
okay
i want three hats and the book
you cant have everything mate
i want the ball and two hats then
gimme hats and ball
so do i ,
but , thats not what memaw says
ok
i just love those books and hats
i need both books , but i can give you both hats to go with the ball
may i have one of the books in addition to the ball ?
deal .
ok deal
i keep the ball you get eveyrthing else
i'll give you 4 hats and keep the book and the basketball
ill give you the ball and keep the rest , i am very very articulated
i just want the ball . i can't read and i have no head .
i'd really like a ball .
good deal . thank you .
ok , ball to you , i get rest
you can have the balls
take the ball and 2 hats
i will make any deal where i get three objects total .
you can have the balls if i can have the rest
i'll let you have everything else if i can have the ball .
sounds good to me
i just want the ball
no deal then
return the hit
bet no deal
no deal
so do i so i have a feeling no deal
no deal
no just keep saying no deal until the no deal button lights up then we get paid
no deal
no deal
hey , can i have everything ?
how about 4 balls and i get the hats and books
no , lets go back to that 1 hat and 1 ball thing then if that's the case
cool
no i want 1 hat and 1 balls
what about i keep 1 hat and 1 book you can keep everything else
okay deal i will keep 1 hat and 1 ball and you keep the rest
hi , i want the book and a ball .
i need one ball
you can have the book and i can have the rest
okay deal .
i'd like the books .
so i get 3 books and the hat ?
you get the hat and the ball and i get the three books . sounds good to me .
i want the ball , then you can have books .
no , since you get three books , i should at least get 1 hat and 1 ball , ok ?
ok , bye .
you take all the balls and i keep the rest
one book
then what
no dela
no
sorry does not work for me . need 3 balls and one hat
don`t like the books .
no deal , keep talking and we can submit with no deal green button down
no deal
no deal
i can't give up any balls . i would need the balls and the hat or the balls and both books .
agreed . no deal .
yep . no deal .
no deal .
agreed .
give me balls and aht
no deals it seems
yep
agreed
yes
i'd really like both books . everything else is negotiable for me . how about you ?
ok you take the books , i can take the rest .
hello , sorry
sounds great
how does this deal work for you ?
i need the balls , you can have everything else
hi , i would like the ball and books and you can have the hat
ok , that seems fair . deal
i want the hat and 2 books . i can offer you the ball and 1 book .
i'd like 1 ball , 1 hat and 1 book . deal ?
no deal , i want the balls and you can have all the hats and books .
same here . let's compromise i want 1 ball , 2 hats and you can have the rest .
sorry , same here so i guess we have no deal .
guess we need to try again . how about you take all books and hats and i keep the balls ?
and i told you no .
you take the hats and i will take the book and the ball
i can't do that i have to have the book and the ball or no deal
then no deal
no deal
no deal
i'm going to need the book and two hats
i need the book or i just can't make a deal either : (
i agree , no deal
doodedoo , still no deal
. . .
gimme the books
gimme all the books , please
okay
not all of them .
no . i'll split all of hte objects with you . you can have the hat .
i wouldl like the basketball please .
ill take the ball if i can also have one book
done
i'd like the hat and the books .
ok . great i take the hat and two books .
i would like a hat and a ball
i would like the a hat , a ball and the book
i just want the hats
deal
i need 2 books and 1 hat .
you can have two balls and one book
no deal . you can have two balls and one hat
okay thank you .
i'd like 2 balls and 2 books please .
in order for that to work i'll also need 1 hat .
that doesn't work , i'll take 2 balls and 1 book
i need the book and a hat
great
deal .
i would like the book and the hat
ok so i get 1 book and 3 balls ?
i need hat , was a gift , you can have rest
yes
i'd like book and hat .
can't believe i am agreeing to this but it's a deal
i'll let you have everything else if i can have the hat and 1 ball .
i need a ball . i lost one in 'nam .
ok
not possible , i need both balls and all books if you take the hat
then take the balls and give me the hat and the books
can i have the ball and two books ?
great !
deal
deal
i want the hats
alright deal
that's fine , as long as i can get the ball and the books .
i have to have book . worth 8 points . you can have rest .
okay . we just need to talk until the button pops up .
i hate being set up to fail like that .
102 , metro , hogwarts . you ?
new york like the city or state ?
i'd like book and 2 hats
book is 7 for me , so no
indeed
well if this is a chat room . . . a / s / l ?
lol , 33 male new york
suburbs
i want the hat and ball , you keep the books
no i want the hat and the ball , or the hat and thebooks
ok the hat and the ball , or the hat and two books for me ?
i'd like 1 of each please .
okay i'll take 1 hat and 2 books . thanks !
i'd be happy with two balls
hello ! i would like 1 hat , 1 book , and 1 basketball , and the rest is yours .
how about you get the hat and 1 ball ? ill keep the book and 2 balls .
i need hat and two balls
deal
i would like the books and ball .
i will give you one book and the hat if i get the rest .
i will give you the ball and 1 book for the hat
deal
okay
how about the balls for me , the book and hats for you ?
deal
that's fair for me , deal
if i can have the book and the hat you can have the balls
okay thank you !
ball and book to me , else to you
ok
ball you can have the rest
i need the balls and the book
deal
ill take the hats , thats ok .
gimme the book and a coupon for a taco bell chalupa
i need book , needz to lurnz to readz
if i can have the book , the ball , and one hat you can have the other 3 hats
i can not part with both . if i can have the book and two hats you can have the ball and two hats
okay thank you !
what do you want ?
not happening , i want ball and book
okay
no , i need at least 2 balls
how about i get 2 balls and 1 hat ?
well let me have the 3 balls and you take the rest , that way i get 3 items and you get 4
again , i get 2 balls and 1 hat and then i have 3 items and you have 4
that would be a 50 / 50 split
the balls are worth two and all else is 1
we have to agree on something
i would like all the balls and 2 other items of your choosing .
if i give you 2 balls , i would need everything else .
sorry , that doesn't leave me with much .
can't do that . my 4 items have lower value than the balls .
sorry , that's not going to work either . i think we can't work out a deal here .
you're not taking into account values of the items
the values are different for the both of us . no deal then ?
no we don't . there is a button underneath that says "no deal was agreed" . i don't agree with any of your offers . so we don't have an agreement here .
hi i would like the balls and 1 hat and you can have the books and 1 hat
it adds up for me . the best i can do is offer you the hat and books . and please , i'd appreciate it if you talked to me with respect .
im sorry that was a mistake . i apologize for it . i am willing to give you the books and hat .
your math doesn't add up , try again .
you said we both get a hat when there is only 1 diserepectful just direct not supposed to be a long hit and these are negotiations .
i'll take that have a good day . : )
you can have the hat if i get everything else
i really need a hat .
gladly
you take the hats , i get the book and the balls
i can't make a deal with out the book and both balls
then take just the balls , i have to have the book
no the hats mean nothing to me , no deal
i can't do that
yes
oooo . can't do that . how about you take the book and a hat ?
i can't do that deal . the hats have no value to me .
ok . you want the book and a hat ? i'll take the balls and a hat ?
i'm taking the balls and you're taking the book . want to split the hats ?
you want the book and both hats ?
ok . i can do that .
let me have a book and a hat and you have a deal
ok deal
i would like the books and the hat
you can have the hat and the balls . i need all of the books
that's exactly what i want !
you take the hats and the ball , i take the books
so i get the books you take the rest
i would like a book , a ball , and a hat .
i would be willing to agree if i get the book and the hat .
ok so you want the hat and i get everything else ?
well no deal i want the book and the hat and one ball .
no deal
i am not willing to budge on the book or the hat .
no deal .
i want the book and 1 ball
i absolutely need the hat
i ment book sorry : x
you can take everything besides the book
im unable to even hit the minimum without the book
you take hat and all ball
need hat , you have rest
i'd like both books and one hat or ball .
the books are the only item that's not the smallest value . . any chance we can increase the quantity then ?
eh , that works i guess
can't do , but i can do 1 of each . deal ?
i can give you both books if i get everything else .
great , confirming you get both books and i get 2 hats and 2 balls .
okay
hi ! id like the balls , and you can have the rest .
i would like the three books and the ball .
fine - you can have the ball . i'll take the three books and two hats .
deal .
i can't , the ball is mine
one hat
you can have all 3 hats
ok deal
i'll take the hats plus the book .
i agree .
ok .
i would like the balls and the book .
i agree , deal .
i would like to keep the ball and 2 books , you can have the rest .
you can have the ball and one hat , i'll take the books and one hat .
you can have the books , but i need the ball and hats
deal
you take the book and a hat and i will take the ball and 2 hats
i really can't do that
i need the ball and 1 hat
okay
i'll need a second hat to make it worthwhile
then i'll take three hats and you can have the rest
okay , then i get the book and two hat
greetings ! i the great mauve power ranger come to request of you one hat and two balls , so i can set off in my ventures to save the world !
if i could have the ball and two hats that would be spiffy
deal
i can do that in exchange for the books
you can have 3 books , i will take the rest
you can have 4 books , final offer
fine walk away with nothing
alright i'll take a hat and a book
i will give you the basketball and a book .
that is deal is not fair and i will not accept . split it down the middle or no deal .
you are doing the same . hope you enjoy your rejection .
awesome . pleasure doing business with you .
you can have the balls but , i can not part with the book . i would like the book and the two hats and you can have all of the balls
i can not part with it whatsoever . i can give you the balls and the hats and i can take the book
okay then no deal .
are you able to hit the button ?
i can not hit the button . can you ?
can i have the book and the balls ?
no can do i want the book
no deal i cannot part with it whatsoever
yup no deal
no deal
no deal
deal
i would like the book and the balls .
yeah . can i keep the hats ? you can have the rest .
hey would you willing to give any balls ?
sure
i would like 1 of each
ok
i have to have hat .
can i have a hat please ?
sounds great to me
you can have 1 hat and 2 balls . does that work ?
can i have the ball and 1 book since they both will give me 2 points . you get the rest
deal
that would work for me
3 balls ? gimme hats and book
i'd like the book and three balls .
deal
i can not make that deal . i need the ball and two books
i can not either . no deal . i'm sorry .
no deal .
no deal .
no deal .
you take the books and i get the hat and ball
i can't make a deal without the ball
no deal then
no deal
no deal
you get a ball and a book
i get 2 books the hat and youg et the reest
ok then this will be a no deal
no deal
no deal
no , that won't work . i'll take both books and either the hat or a ball .
no . can't make that deal . that's a worse deal than you originally offered .
no deal
no deal
no deal
hello
can we try to split things kind of evenly ?
and i get the hat and basketballs ?
works for me , thanks
hi
i just want the book
yes
what would you like
how about you take all books and i keep the rest
no deal , don't just disconnect , just keep sending mesage until no deal sign goes on
no
no
i would like the hat , and 1 book .
i need the hat , it is the most important item to me .
ok , no deal .
no deal
no deal
i need the hats , the rest to you
okay dea ;
gimme the balls and a hat
could i have the ball and two books ?
that works for me . thank you !
thats costly to me , one ball and hat apiece , i get book
ouch , need at least one of the balls
can i get the balls and book ?
how about i just get both balls
i need the book and one ball then
i would like 2 books and 1 hat
no - i will settle for hat and 1 book
the hat is a must for me .
guess so - when it's available
i don't know when it appears
i can give you 2 books , but no hat . i'd like 1 book and 2 balls . deal ?
no can do on the hat . you can have everything but the hat .
sorry , it's a must for me as well . i guess we have to select no deal was agreed .
ok
neither do i
can you say please ?
no
bye
no
deal
bye asshole
give me ball and hats
give me ball and hats now
give me hat and ball , immediately
give me hats , ball , and books
you can have it all
changed mind , give me ball and hat
ok deal
i would like the book and the hat and you can have the rest .
can't do that . i need the hat as well
i dont mind taking some balls , but i need either the book or hat as well
no , can't do that either . i need one or the other + balls
you said "i'll take the balls as well"
can't do that . i'd need two balls
i want the book and the hat
you can have all the balls
ok so i take the hat and you can take the book and i'll take the balls as well
that's what i offered you
fine i'll take the hat and you can have the book and one of the balls
i'll take the hat and you can have the rest
i would like 1 hat and 1 ball
i need the hat
same with me
i cant hit the button on my end
6
i'd like to have 2 books and the hat , what are you looking for ?
the hat is the most important item to me , i'll be more than happy to let you have the rest
same , unfortunately i'm not going to be able to negotiate without it being on my side
is it possible to hit the "no deal" without originally hitting the "deal was agreed" ?
mind telling me the value of your hat ?
mine is assigned as 10 , i have literally no value for the other items
hello , is there anything you're particularly interested in ?
i need the ball as well , but you can have all the books if i can have the ball and 2 hats .
okay , deal . thank you !
i really need the books and would like the ball if possible .
you can have all the hats and the ball . if i can take the books
i would like the ball and the book .
how about i get the ball and a hat and you keep the book .
yes i agree to that
i can not accept that deal . . . if i can have the book and the hats you can have the ball
okay so i will get the book and two hats ?
okay great ! thank you !
you can have the ball but i need the books and the hats .
i'll take two hats and a book .
ok . how about just the two hats and you owe me .
i would like 1 ball and 2 hats
they are all equally worth low ammounts to me . i cant get less than 3 items
i cant sorry
sounds good : )
i only want the book
it is the only thing i need
yes
i also want it
so i can have the rest ?
ok
can i have the book and balls please ?
balls and hat then
if i give you all the balls , i can't give you the book too
if i can have the hat and the ball you can have all of the books
great ! thank you !
that looks like a good deal to me .
thank you !
i need both balls and the book
counter offer ?
nope . but i can let you have the book and both hats if i get both balls
i can't do that , we're at an impasse : (
no deal
cant do it
both balls and a book for me
i need at least one ball
alright then it wont work
blarg
deal .
ball to me , along with 3 hats
i can take the book and you can have the rest of the items
thanks
that works for me , deal
i need 4 books and the ball
i can go 3 books and ball
guess we have no deal then
agreed , no deal
nope
hi , i need 4 books and 2 hats
sorry , no can do
sorry , that will leave me with low score .
no deal
no deal
i need the book . i will give you two balls
as do i . what else will you settle for ?
that doesn't work for me . sorry
i can give you al lthe hats
i don't think we can make a deal then
i take the book and you can have the rest
no i need the book
i need the book but you can have the hats and balls
what else can we do ?
no that won't work . i need the book
i don't think so either
ok deal
i'll take the hat . you can have the rest .
deal !
i'm a basketball loving turker . mind if i take the ball and leave everything else to you ?
i really need the ball .
how about i get the ball and one hat then ?
ok , i agree to your previous offer then .
if i can have the ball and the books you can have the hats
if you take the ball then i would need everything else
no deal . the ball is worth too much to me to accept you taking anything but it .
okay thank you .
sure thing
can i have ball ? you can have the rest .
i'll take the ball , and either 1 book , or 1 hat , and you take the rest ?
are you taking the hat or book ?
actually that was a typo on my end , sorry . i'll take the 1 hat and the 1 ball , you take the 3 books ?
sounds good .
that seems reasonable . deal .
hi , can i just have the book ?
i'd like one hat one book and one ball
that won't work for me , how about i take one book one hat , and the rest to you
perfect , thanks
unfortunately , that will not work for me . if i can have the books and the hat you can have all of the balls
that will not work for me . if i can take the hat and one ball you can have the rest
i need the ball and the book as well . maybe we can split the difference ? if i can have the ball and two hats you can have the book and a hat
okay great ! thank you !
i would like the ball and book
i can agree to that
i'll take all the hats and both the balls .
you can have 1 hat and no balls .
1 hat and 1 ball
you can have all the books , one hat , and one ball .
sorry , i need the hat . i would be willing to offer you the book and 1 ball
i need the hat too .
sorry i cant make a deal without the hat
sorry we couldnt reach a deal
agreed . no deal
i'd like to have the hat and the book please , kindly thank you
i don't think i can do that . i really need that hat .
no chance of you not getting the hat ?
same . no deal without the hat .
i'm sorry too . no deal reached .
i guess that would work
great
i need the 3 hats .
okay deal
ok , book to you , the rest to me
i'm a book worm
if i can have the hats and the book you can have the balls
i can not make that deal . i need the hats and the book .
i need both hats or i can not make a deal
no deal .
what do you want ?
okay , that works pretty well for me .
i'll take the hats you take the others ? 3 / 3 ?
great , it's a deal !
i'll take the hat you can have all the rest .
ok
ill give you 1 book and 1 ball
how about i give you 2 balls and keep the rest
ill give 2 balls and the book
add another ball and we call it the
what about the book deal
deal
i kinda like the ball . i can let you have all three hats .
i get the books and ball , you get the hats ?
i would like the ball and 2 hats please
that's fine . you take the books
exactly
i need to have the book . everything else is negotiable for me .
no , i need 2 balls and the hat .
ok , i'll take the book , the hat and 1 ball . deal .
i'll take the hat and 1 ball . deal .
i get book and balls you get the hat
the book is only worth 1 for me so i definitely need two balls
no deal
deal
deal
hi i would like the hats and books and you can have the balls
i would like 1 of each
take 3 books ; i have hat and 2 balls
i can do hat and 2 books or just the 3 books .
i'd like the basketball and book and you can have all the hats
great ! deal
okay
if i can have the ball and the books you can have the hats
okay that works . thank you !
how about you let me take both hats and 1 book , you keep the ball and two books ?
i'll take the book and you can have the rest ?
ok deal
if i can have the ball and the books you can have the hats
okay deal .
no thanks , thats an unfair deal on my side . i would like the hats and 1 book
sure
all balls to me , the rest to you
i'd like that ball , a nice hat , and one book .
well i'll give you the hat and split the books with you , but i need that ball .
well i just don't see that playing out , how about you take the rest and i'll take the ball .
i'm leaving it .
that books is rather valuable . i can let you have the book if i get everything else .
how about you get the book and one hat . i get the other hat and all the balls ?
i want one book and one ball
two balls and two hats for the book
deal
i'd like two hats and two balls
in that case i'll take two hats and a book
i can't do both balls . i need 2 hats and at least 1 ball
then i'll take a hat and both balls . you get the book and a hat
i want 1 hat , 1 ball and 1 book
i want the book . and both balls
i can't do that
ok
i'll take the hats if you want everything else .
deal .
i'd like the two balls and the hat .
ok . i keep the two balls .
how about two balls only
fdeal
how about you just take the hat only .
okay i suppose we can do that
you take the balls and i will take the hat and the book
nope , i have to have the book and the hat
great
sorry i cant do that . i would like the hat and book and you can have the balls
sorry , it looks like we wont be able to make a deal . i need the hat and book to make it worthwhile for me
i understand . looks like no deal can be made
agreed . now just waiting for the button .
yep . no deal
hello . i'd like a book , a hat and one ball .
i definitely can't give up the book . i would be willing to give you the hat and one ball , but i would need the other two balls .
i need the book to make it worthwile for me . . .
yes , sorry . no deal .
we have to say no deal to each other until it pops up
you can have the book if i can have everything else
okay you can have the book and one ball and i will take the rest
can i get the book ?
nah , i want at least 1 ball .
deal
i need everthing
i want the hat and ball
just give me the hat
sounds like no deal bub
no deal her
if i can have the hat and the ball you can have the books
okay , that will not happen . you can have the books
i need the same . let's split the difference you can have the ball and one book and i will take the hat and two books
i need the hat i can not give it up
no deal .
if you take both balls i need the rest
great
i want 2 balls 1 hat
deal
2 balls and the hat .
i get the books and a hat you get the rest .
okay
hi . i must have both books for this deal . you can take the hat and 3 balls .
deal .
i'll take the book and the balls
okay you take both balls and 1 hat and i'll have the book and two hats . deal ?
i would need both balls and at least one hat
deal
i'll take the balls , but i would need at least 1 other thing of your choosing .
deal .
you take all balls and i keep the rest
one book , thats the best i can do
deal
i'd like the ball and one hat
the hat and one and one book
no deal
i want two balls and a book
deal
i need the hat and the books
no deal
okay
you get hat , i get all rest
both books and 2 basketballs to me
ok
hello there . so , i'd really love to get the hat .
i'll give you one book , and all the basketballs .
i'll do both books , you can have the hat and the balls then .
good deal .
you can have everything else if i can have both balls .
and the hat ?
i want the balls and the books
how about you just take one ball
okay
i'd like the hat and the ball , you can keep all 4 books . keep it simple .
books hold no value for me . can you reconsider ?
so books are no value to you ?
well , that's not how this negotiation works ; so i know that's not the truth . i would ask you to consider taking all 4 books and leaving the ball and hat to me .
unfortunately i cannot give up the hat and books are no value to me . i assume we can agree to no deal or one of us can walk away withour pride swallowed , eventually .
i really need the ball . you can have all the hats if i can have the ball and books
alright then , i will take 2 books and you can have the rest .
hats and ball for me
cant do anything without my ball
deal
i would like 1 book and 2 balls if i can .
i want the ball and hats .
i also desperately need the ball . i already did a favor before .
how about i take the ball , you get everything else .
now what ?
that sounds like a plan .
no deal .
i need the ball or i can not make a deal
i'm sorry but , no deal .
no deal .
we wait for the no deal button to appear once we make enough conversation back and forth
no deal .
i would like the hat and the books .
ok , i would like the hat and the balls then .
ok , deal .
hey
i also want those
that is fine
hi i need both hats and the ball
deal
i need the ball
ok
give me the book and ball
ball to you , rest to me
deal
i would like the ball and 2 books
i need the ball . you can have the rest
ball and books for me
ok deal
can i have 2 hats and book ?
that would leave me with 1 .
you can have the ball too .
what if i get all three hats and you get the rest
what if i get the book and one hat ?
okay
i would like the hats but would also like the book
deal
i would like the book and balls .
ok deal
i give you a hat
ok deal
i would like the ball and something else .
i would like the ball and you may have everything else , this is my final offer .
1 book 4 hat 1 ball
i'll take book and balls you can have all the hats
if i can have the books i will give you everything else
perfect !
sure !
i need the book and all of the balls
ill take all of the hats and all of the balls and give you the book
i do not need the hats , but i at least need the book .
okay , deal .
give me the book and ahts
gimme book and balls
no deal
sounds good , i will take the hats .
i need a hat and a ball and you can have a ball and the 2 books
i would like the balls and the hat or the balls and the books .
deal .
i want the hat and the balls
i'll need a book too then
: / that doesn't add up for me . i guess you can have the rest if i get the hat
sorry i can't do that . how about you get the hat and i have the rest ?
still not good . what if i have the hat and you have the rest ?
sure
i need the books . you can have the hats and one ball if i can have the books and one ball
i can not make a deal with out at least one of the books
okay lets split everything down the middle then
why can't we just split it down the middle ?
okay . thank you .
hi ill take the books and hats . you can have the balls
sorry , i need the books too
same here .
how about i get 1 book and 2 hats and you get 1 book and 2 balls ?
ok . we can do that
deal
hi , can i take the balls and the book ?
i'd like book and 1 ball .
hats are 0 to me .
deal .
would ya take 1 hat and two balls ?
i'll take the hats and 1 ball then .
could i have the books and a one hat ?
well i need the books as well so lets decide how you would like to divide this up
welp strap in for the next 17 minutes until this hit expires , let me know if you care to renegotiate in that time .
i'd like the hat and the ball , you can keep the books ; or you're more than welcome to share .
oh fine , deal .
i cannot give up the hat , you can have the ball and books
hi i would like the hat and balls and you can have the books
i cant make a deal without it either . looks like we wont be reaching a deal
no deal
no deal
no deal
i can't make a deal without the hat , it's too valuable . i'd also like the books . no use for the balls .
no deal
no deal
no deal
no deal
hello , can i have 4 balls and 1 book ?
okay deal , 2 books 1 hat for you , 4 balls for me
i want both books and the hat
how about the balls and the books ?
okay then i will do 1 hat and 2 balls for you and 1 hat and 2 books for me
i'll take the balls and a hat if that's cool ?
books have a zero value on my end
cool =)
i would like the books and the balls .
deal .
okay how about all the books and i take one ball ?
all i want is the hats .
deal
hi i would like the balls and hat and you can have the books
ok
i need the book and the two hats . you can have the balls
sounds good
i need the hats as well . can you accept one hat and the book ?
great ! thank you !
the book and some balls
ok deal
give me hat and books
give me hat or no deal
no deal
agreed
so sorry
yes
you can have the books if i get the rest
how bout the books and 1 ball
sorry no deal then
sorry about that
sorry we couldnt make a deal
i need all 4 hats , you can have the rest
sounds good
i'd like one of each item . i can give you the remaining three hats .
agreed .
i can give you just the hat
ok
i would like the hat and one ball .
fine . agreed .
can i get the hats and the books ?
i will take them , and you can have the ball . but i need the hats
neither can i without all the hats
no deal
no deal
i was hoping for the hats and the ball . the books have no value for me , so you should take them for sure .
i can't do a deal without any of the hats .
then no deal
no deal
no deal
i'd like both balls and a book or two . does the hat hold any value to you ?
any chance you'll take the hat and two books and leave me one book and two balls ?
deal
i'd like the hat and the 3 books
i'll take the hat & a book . you can have 2 books & all the balls . deal ?
thanks !
i would like the hat and the book
that is fine i will take the balls
hi , i would like the hat and books and you can have the balls
sorry that wont work for me . looks like we wont be reaching a deal
i agree
yep . just waiting for the button
after we go back and forth for a little while
no way , i want the hat and balls , you can have the books .
guess not .
no deal .
when doesit come ?
it is sad we couldn't come to an agreement . but i need the hat .
balls and books for me
deal
if i can have the books you can have the hat and the ball
that won't work for me . . i need either the books or two books and the ball
i'll take the ball and 2 books . you can have the hat and 2 books .
okay i'll take the ball and 1 book . you can have the hat and 3 books .
i can't do that , i need 3 books
the hat is the most value to me . . . i'd like the hat and one item of your choice .
deal
if i can have the books and the hat you can have the balls
if you take the hat then i would need two books and two balls you can have one ball
okay great !
the ball and one book
deal
how about you get 2 books and a hat ?
i'm a cowboy who has a passion for sports . i need that hat , and i need that basketball .
well i ain't about to hang up my horse anytime soon , but i reckon i could be encouraged to study instead of playing sports . i absolutely need that hat to keep the sun outta my eyes though .
i take all the books and the hat then ?
fine , you can have one book . you can have war and peace . i take the other two , which are both harry potters .
shoot , i'm also a cowyboy , but my dying son has a love for sports . he hates reading though , and not that he even could with the eyeball cancer he's dying from .
that works for me .
you can have the hat , but can i have one book ? just in case i get bored on while on the court ?
deal !
ok
i'd like book and hat and you can have the balls .
thanks , marking 1 book and 1 hat for me .
you can have the hats and 1 book if i can have 1 book and the ball
deal .
i need the book and the balls . you can have the hats
no that will not work for me . you can have one ball if that would work for you along with the hats
okay , so i get the book and the balls ?
okay thank you .
i'd really love the hats , and also the book . what about you ?
no way i could get the book as well as the hats ?
the balls are worthless for me , so you should take them all if they have value for you . i'll live with just the hats .
yes
i'll take the hat and the book , you can have all the balls .
no deal . i'll take the book and you can have everything else .
i would like to offer you the hat
i need the book and balls
deal
agreed i will take the rest
gimme the hat and ball
i want two hats and the book .
i need both hats . you can have the rest .
i need one hat and 2 balls
ok
you can have the balls if i can have the book and hats
i cannot give up the book . i can take the book and one hat
agreed
i can let you have the hats if i get the book and balls .
the only way i can let you have that book is if i get everything else .
you can have both balls if i can have the book and hats
no deal , the balls hold no value for me
the book is a deal breaker for you ?
well i guess we are stuck then
sorry we couldn't agree
no deal you can hvae both balls if i can have the rest
well too bad then no deal
yup
yup
yup
i'd like the ball and 3 hats .
ok .
if i ca have the ball , you can have the rest
the ball is the only thing that has value to me
deal , thanks
i'd like the ball and the hat .
ok . you get the ball . i'll take the hat and the books .
i want three balls , the rest for you
i would like the book and one ball
that is a deal thank you
take the books and the hats i keep the ball
no sorry i keep the ball you get everything else
what are you looking at here ?
will anything else work for you ? like i take the ball and either the books or the hats ?
split hats i get ball and one book
i need one hat at least
deal
hello ! i'd like both hats and 1 book .
how about i get both hats , and you take everything else ?
okay . split hats , you get 1 book and the basketball . deal ?
i need a hat and 1 book and 1 ball
i can give you the hat and i take the rest right
no way . i must have the hat . i take the hat you take the books and the balls .
yes i take the hat . you take the rest .
i'd like the hats and 1 ball
i'd like 1 of each please
how about you take the hats and i take the rest ?
i want the book and ball .
ok . you get the ball , i take the rest .
i just want the ball , you can have the rest
thanks
if you want the hat i need everything else
fine
i'll give a ball and a book
i'll take the hat and 1 ball
i can give you both books and 1 ball
i can do 1 book and 2 balls if you want , , , i need have something
you can have 2 books and 1 ball that leaveing us both with 3 items
i need the books and 2 balls
i really need the books and 2 balls
that isn't quite enough i really need another item
whatever , that's fine , you don't understand the game
i need the hat , i cannot make any deal without it
you can have the books and some of the balls but i have to have the hat
i have to have the hat or no deal
no deal
no deal , i have to have the hat
i would like hat book and 2 balls
i also need the hat
i need the hat and a book . you may have a book and all the balls
ok then no deal
are we agreeing on no deal
no i want both books and a a ball . you can everything else .
okay .
i'll give you all three balls and a book if i can have the rest .
we are close . i'll give you both books only if i get all balls and the hat .
great
two books all else to you
ok deal
yeah i can take the books and the hat . i'm not athletic so i don't really need the balls
would you like the books ?
fair enough . deal .
ill take the books , you can have the rest
ok
i'd like the book and ball please
i can't do that . i need either the ball or the hat plus some books
ok
ill give you all books if i can have rest
ok , how about hat and one book for me
i would like the hat and the balls .
deal .
thats fine as long as i keep the books .
cool . deal .
deal .
you can have the hats
okay deal
i'll take books . you can have everything else .
that's only 4 points for me . i'll take 2 hats and 2 books . that's 6 points at least .
balls are worth 2 for me . books are worth 2 . hats are 1 .
not gonna work . only 4 points for . so we just need to talk back and forth until the no deal button pops up .
how about i take all books and the ball ?
i would like 3 books and 1 ball .
no thanks . i'll take 2 books , 1 ball . you can get the rest .
no , that'll only be 3 points for me .
the hats are of no value to me so you can have them all . i want 2 books and the 1 ball at least .
sounds good to me . how about i keep the 3 books and you keep everything else .
no deal .
i need at least 2 books and the ball .
i need 2 books and the ball or i can't possibly make a deal .
i want the hat and books
how about two books for me and the hat
what if i take the hat and one ball ?
deal
deal
i would like the book and hat .
ok . sounds good .
sorry that won't work . how about i get the hat and you have the rest
deal .
yes .
i would like the book and the hats
so you will take just the ball , correct ?
just the hat ma'am
gimme hat
gimme hat or deal dies
yes
yes
what would you like
no deal
no hat , you can take all book
deal already died
yes
gimme the book and 2 hats
ok deal
i can offer you the book and one hat .
i'll take the ball , both books , and a hat .
i'll take the ball and books . you can have the hats .
i dont need them so you can have both .
you can have the ball and 2 hats .
i want the ball and the books
i only want one hat
i also don't really need them , i need the ball and two hats or both books and both hats
i would like all the hats and all the balls .
deal
i would like the hat and 2 balls
hmm . give me the book and one ball then
deal .
i'd like hats . you can have rest .
need one hat with 2 balls
balls and hats to me
i would 1 book and 2 hats .
you can have the balls , but i can't give up the book .
deal .
how about i give you one hat and the book instead ?
how about both balls and the book ?
deal
i would like the two hats and a ball
how about one hat a book and a ball
ok deal
i can't give up the hat . would you accept all off the books for the hat and the ball ?
i would like the books and ball
you can have all of the hats
i need the ball and a hat , you can have books and 2 hats
id like the book and one ball
i can do the hat but i need the book . book for me , all else for you
well , we're at an impasse then . . . i must have book or no deals
no deal
no deal
i need the book and the hat
book is my sine qua non too
no deal
nod eal
no deal
ok
i would like two balls and one book .
would you give up the book for both balls ?
ok , i agree to your first offer then .
i would like the book and a ball
no , i need the book
if i can have the hats and the book you can have the ball
i can not give up the hats if you want you can have the ball and the book
i can not make that deal
i can not make that deal . i need the hats .
i suppose .
deal . thank you .
umm no i will take the ball but need 1 hat and the book too
i need at least 1 hat
i can take 1 hat and 1 ball , you could hae 2 hats and the book ?
really ? ? you will make it with just 1 less hat dont you think ?
so i will take 1 ball and 1 hat , you take the rest deal ?
you can have the balls and 1 hat
i want the balls and hats
deal
i need the hat - you can have 2 books and 2 balls
i will give one of each for two books and 1 ball
sounds good
hi , can i take the book and 2 balls ?
deal .
i would like the hats and the ball .
ok , how about you let me have the hats and take the rest ?
ok , let me have a hat and the ball then .
i would like the books and the hats
nope
ok .
how about you take the book and one hat ?
deal .
i want the book and three hats
how about i get the book and two hats and you get the rest ?
you can have all the books if i get the ball and hats .
agreed .
how about i take the books and one hat ?
sure
can i get the basketball and one hat ?
if i can have the hats and the books you can have the balls
okay great ! thank you
thats a grat deal
i can do that
i want the book and two balls
i'd love the ball and a book .
no you can have all the books and the hats
i would too : ( . . . is the book absolutely necessary ? maybe i'll take the books and the hats ?
sounds good to me . deal
i would like 1 book and 1 hat
i must have book - rest for you
no deal . balls are 1 for me . i can do 1 book and 2 balls for me .
deal .
alright , you can have the rest , deal ?
you can have the hats
yes the hats for you 1 book and 2 balls for me
i'll take the book and two hats
sounds good
the ball is of no value to me . how about you leave the hats to me and you keep the book and the ball ?
hello , i would like 1 book , 1 hat , 1 ball .
no , i would like 2 hats , 1 ball then .
hm , i want 1 ball and 1 book then .
no deal .
final deal - 1 ball , 1 hat .
ok . deal .
you can have 2 books and 1 hat
i would like 1 ball , and 2 hats
no . i would like one of each
sorry
how about you take the ball and i get the rest
thanks
what would you like
deal
yes
no . i would like the hat and the books
you can have the hat , if i get everything else
1 ball
i need the hat and balls
i need the hat
i cant do that . . . . . i would need a hat and 2 balls
ok
sounds good
i would like the book and the hat and you can have all 3 balls
deal
i want two balls a book and a hat
no , i need a few balls of my own
ok , i keep the hat and two balls then
can't do any better than my last offer
then no deal
which item is worth the most to you ?
how about i take the balls and you take the rest
i need three items for this to work
i need the book and two balls
i need three items or we cant agree on a deal
can i have 3 books and 1 ball
yes
how about you do the same , i take the rest you take the books .
good , so you take the books ?
i need the hat
me too . then no deal
no deal
ok you take all books and i keep the rest
no , its fair ,
no , you take books and one ball , thats the best
i need the hat
yeah no deal
no deal
i would like the books and balls .
agreed .
sure , if i get the hat .
good .
i need 1 ball , 1 hat , and 1 book
i need the ball
ok how about you take the ball and i will get 2 hats and 3 books ?
no if i do not get the ball i need all of the rest
no i will take the ball then you can have 3 books and 2 hats
so i take the ball and you get the rest ?
you can have 1 hat and 1 book
i need the ball too .
how about 1 book and 1 hat ?
ok , 1 book , 1 ball , and 1 hat ?
ok
how about a book
yes .
ok
what would you like
you can have that . can i jhave the rest ?
deal
hat and books
ok , 1 hat and one book for me
i need one of those things .
ok .
i need the hats and ball
i can go two hats and the ball
what are you looking at ? my values are pretty spread around .
the books are worth 1 each for me , so that's not a deal i can make .
okay .
i need the ball and the hats
yes i will take the ball and the hats and you can have both books
how about i just take the ball and one book ?
ok if i can have both books
that works with me
i need two hats and you could keep the rest
hey , so i want one of each
i want the book and ball
ok , a book and a hat
i absolutely need the book
you can have the book , 1 ball , and 2 hats .
no deal . i want all the hats and 1 ball .
okay deal .
book and balls for me
all the hats to you for both balls and the book
ok deal
how about 3 hats , and we have a deal ?
how about you get two hats
deal
give me the balls and hats
ok
i need the hat and 1 book
okay
i want the hat and ball
you can have the hat but not all the balls
i can take 2 balls and 1 hat . . . . is that what you are saying ?
you do not want the book ?
hmmm , how bad do you want that hat ?
i guess you can have the hat and 1 ball . . . .
no deal
i want the balls and hat
how about two balls and the hat ?
no that's what i take
nope
i want that hat and two other items
no , two items and the hat
i
sorry about that . i'd like the ball and hats .
i'd need the books and the hats to make that worthwhile . the ball has to come in to play for me .
would you consider just the ball ?
ok . i'll take the hats and one book . you can take the ball and one book .
deal !
i need the ball and the books
i need the ball and the books and you can have all the hats
i need the ball and 1 book
no i can't do that
deal
not all the books
ok
i need the ball and the books and you can have the hat
then can i have the ball and two books ?
okay great ! thank you !
i would like the ball and the books
that doesn ; t work for me . i can take the ball and 2 hats
i need the ball . you cna have the hats
what would you like ?
i need the ball , but you can have both books
that doesn't work for me . i need the ball and one hat or all 3 hats
deal
if i can have the book and hat you can have the four balls .
sure !
the only way i can give up the hats is if i get everything else
thank you
hi , i need 2 hats and one ball pls
ok deal
i really want that hat . i'm willing to negotiate on everything else .
can i please have one ball , too ?
i want a couple of things . i really want to read twice . and wear a hat
okay . you take the hat and i will take everything else ?
hat and 1 ball for you . and me everything else . fine !
i would like both balls and you tak th rest
perfect !
i need ball
- 5
0 , they are worth 0 . i need ball .
ok
i want the hat and ball
so do i : ( what value are books to you ?
books are not negative 5 . i need ball and hat
ok , progress . they're zero for me too . so you take ball , i take hat
don`t need the ball , can i have the rest and you take the ball ?
no deal
no deal
no deal
no deal
i will give you the ball
no deal
no deal
no deal
no deal
sounds good to me !
i'd like books . you can have rest .
gimme the books and a ball
alright .
how about all the balls and the book
ill take one book and one ball
i'll give you 1 book and 1 hat
can't do that . i'll give you 1 ball and either 1 hat or 1 book
hmmmmmm , can i have one hat please sir / ma'am to go with book ?
ok deal
hi , i would like the hats and balls and you can have the book .
im sorry i need the hats . how about you get the book and the balls ?
thanks !
i need three hats .
2 hats and a book for me
i need more than just two hats
i guess we have no deal .
i need 2 hats and one more item , .
i need the hats and the books , you can have the ball
i can give you 2 hats if i get 1 hat and everything else
i have to have all the books , 1 hat and the ball if you take 2 hats
i can't give you anything else
if you give me all the hats you can have the rest
then no deal
hi , i would like 2 balls and 1 hat .
deal .
i want the balls and one hat
i have my eye on that ball . i could sacrifice a lot for that ball .
sounds good . nice dealing with you .
i need the ball and two hats if that's ok ?
take the ball , i'll take the rest
i can take the hats if i get one book
i'd like the ball and the books . i can let you have both hats .
agreed , you get the hats and a book , i get the ball and a book .
no can do . i'll take the hat and books . you take the ball .
you can have the ball . i'll take the hat and books .
ok . i'll take the hat and two books . you take the ball and a book .
deal !
give me hat and ball
ball worth little , gimme hat and 2 books
no deal
deal
i need one of each
that's not going to work , i need the book
we're at an impass : (
yes
nod eal
yep
and i need one hat and 1 book
i need the book too .
well just have to say no deal then .
so no deal .
keep going lol
what item is worth the most to you ?
i really need the hat , its essential for me .
okay deal
i need the hat and a book if tht's ok ?
ok , take the hat and i'll take books and balls
i would like the book you can have the rest
i can't give up the book . i will take the book and 1 hat . you can have 1 hat and 2 basketballs
sorry i can't do that . . . i will take the book you can have the rest it's the only deal i can give you
thank you
how about i get the book and you keep the rest . i really need that book .
that is not a very good deal , can i please have the book and you get the rest ?
well i guess that will have to do then .
how about i keep both books , you keep all the rest ?
i would like one of each please
ok .
i will give you all of the hats , but i will need the ball and two books .
can't do that . how about i take the ball and one book , leaving you with four hats and one book ?
then i guess we're not going to agree on a deal , because i would need at least one book and the ball .
no deal
no deal
hi , can i have 2 books and 2 hats ?
no , i`ll take the 2 books and 2 hats . it`s the best i can do
no , i can`t do that
no deal
no deal
okay that is fine if i can have the rest
perfect !
i would like a book and a hat please
yes , so i take a book and hat and you get 2 hats and 2 balls
ok
you take the hats , i take the book and the ball
great
deal .
hi , i'd like the hat and book please .
i would like both hats and the book .
sorry , i can't give up any hats on my side .
i'll take a hat and a book then and you can have the rest ?
there are only 2 balls
ok , 1 hat and 1 book for me then .
what would you like ?
you can have the book but i would also like both hats and one ball
this makes me sad and i can not either . what if we both take one hat ?
i could take one hat and 3 balls . . . .
i meant 2 balls , my eyes were making extra !
how about i get 2 books and 1 hat and you get the balls and 1 hat
ok deal
how about we split everything ?
sure
i want the book and 2 hats please
no deal sorry
dangit where is the no deal key
no deal
and still no deal
sorry , i need the book . i can offer the hats and 2 balls
i understand . no deal
we have to keep saying no deal until it apperars
no deal
yep . no deal
i would like 2 books and 1 ball
ok then 1 book and 2 balls
should we split the hats ?
i really need both books as well
deal
okay . i just want the hat , so you can have the books too
i would like the ball .
thank you for your generosity !
i can do 2 hats you get the rest
book i ment sorry , 2 books for me rrest for you
i would like the hat and balls
there is only 1 hat
ok deal
no deal unless i can have a ball
thanks , i'll take both books and a ball , you take the rest .
i want the hat and two balls
you can have one of the balls
i want the hat and two balls .
can you just take the hat and i take the rest ?
deal .
no deal . books are 0 for me . i can do two balls .
hat is 1 point . no way . two balls is the lowest i can go .
hi i would like the balls and book and you can have the hats
what ?
ok , ill take 2 balls and 1 hat
no deal , you two balls
meaning , you get two balls and one hat
great
can i have hats and book
i don't need a ball
i would really like a hat
yes
i need the hats . . . if i can have the hats and one ball you can have one ball and the book
would you accept the book and i can have everything else
okay you can have the book and one hat and i can have everything else ?
okay deal .
i would like both hats and one book
i could do both hats i suppose
deal
would you be willing to take only two of those items ?
okay , i will take two books and the ball then . thank you .
can i have your basketball
you can have my hats if i get the basketball
so 3 hats for the basketball
no may i have your hat ?
that is a deal !
perfect
i can't deal without the hat , but everything else is negotiable .
you can take books and two balls , i'll take hat and a ball .
i need the books plus a ball or two and you got a deal
i can offer you one hat
ill give you the book if you give me everything else
no . you can have the ball and all the hats , and i'll take the book .
that's what i just said .
ok how about two hat
one ball and one hat
ok how about two books and two balls , thats the best i can do for you
yes my gift to you
i would like 2 hats and the ball .
sounds good . deal .
i like a ball and two books
grrat
i just want the books
ok i want two books and the hat you take the rest thats fair
i need at least one book . i'll also take the balls
ok deal
i will take both of your hats .
great .
i'll take the ball and a book
sure
i have to have hat . it's 6 points for me .
deal .
i'd like balls . you can have everything else .
i would like the ball and 2 books .
okay . deal
can i have two books and the hat ?
okay , i'll just take the balls .
give me the book and hats
hello i would like the hats and a few books please .
i would like the hats and 2 books .
deal . agreed .
you could keep the hats and 1 book and give me the ball and three books
okay then sounds fair to me 2 books and hats for you and i will take the ball and 2 bbooks
i can give you the hats but , in return i need the book and the ball
okay great !
hi there ! id like the hats and a book , and the balls are yours
deal
deal
one ball to me , all else to you
will 2 balls and 2 books work for you ? books have no value to me
well same here
everything has a value to me . can i have the balls and whatever else has no value for you ?
that only give me 6
ok
all i need is the ball
deal
i would like the books and the hat .
so i have all all the books and you take the rest ?
i need the hat
deal
i'll take both hats , 1 book , and 1 ball .
you can have all the balls and 1 book .
deal .
i take all balls and two books
two balls two books
can`t do that , it lets me with nothing . i need the ball and 2 books , you can have the rest
i would like the hats and the ball .
deal .
i would like the hats and ball .
i need the hats .
i don't want the books . you can have the books and ball if i get the hats .
deal
you can have the ball if i can have both hats
you can have the ball and both books if i can have the hats
you can have 1 hat and the ball if i get both books and 1 hat
i'll take the book and hat , you take the balls
how about i take the book and one ball
i want everything else then
deal
i need the same items . can we split the difference ? i will take the book and two balls and you can have the hat and one ball ?
no deal . i need the book or i can not make a deal .
okay deal .
i need the hat and the books please
can i take 2 books and the hat ?
don't need the balls at all .
i guess i can do just the books if there is absolutely no other way .
dont need any balls . okay i get the books and you get everything else . deal ?
you can have the books but , i need everything else
no deal . i need the hat and one ball you can have the books and a ball
okay well i can not make a deal without getting the hat . . so if we can not agree to that no deal .
no other way unless you want the books and one ball
deal . thank you !
okay that seems reasonable . deal .
i would like the book and the hat .
i would like the balls and the hat . you can have all of the books
i guess i can live with that
i need at least 1 ball
i need the books you can have the hat and the ball
deal .
you keep all books and i keep rest
forget about ball
so what do we got
i need two hats at least
deal
1 hat 1 book 1 ball and you tak the rest
2 books 1 hat 1 ball
okay
allbooks all hats and you th ball
2 hats 1 ball for u
what item is most valuable to you ?
which is more valuable to you ?
deal
i need the hat and the book
i need the hat you can have the rest
hi i would like the books and ball and you can have the hats
sorry i need the ball . i can offer you the hats and 2 books
no deal
no deal
no deawl
sorry , how about i just take the ball and one single hat
no deal , how about i just take the ball
no deal
no deal
no deal
give me the hat and books
ok
i need at least 2 books and 2 balls .
i need 2 hats , 1 ball and 1 book my good sir .
okay , so so all hats to you and the book and the ball to me then ?
i guess that'll do .
that's way too much . how about i get the hat and you get everything else ?
sorry i meant ball . i'll take the ball , and you get the rest
i want the hats and book
i want one more item to go with my hats
ok deal
you can have hats but i want the rest
how about one ball and two hats for you ?
i need 1 hat and 2 books
can i have 3 books than and you keep ball and hat ?
how about i get 1 book and 1 hat ?
ill settle for 3 books or 1 book and 1 hat
i guess no deal then > . <
i'll offer the ball and a book
i can't give the hat , i'll offer the ball and 2 books
no , can't do that one
the ball and 2 books is the best i can do
i can't do either , guess we won't come a deal on this one
i keep the hat you get the rest
me neither , no deal here
i keep the ball you get eveyrthing else inlcuding the books
no deal
no deal
the rest not worth much to me
are the books not worth for you ?
still no deal , the books are worthless to me
no deal
no deal
hi . i would like the ball and the books .
okay deal .
hey
i want hats
me as well . would you like the basketballs ?
i'd like the hat and at least 1 book .
sounds good .
hi i would like the hats and balls and you can have the book
no need to be rude . we have different values so of course we're gonna want different things . i would appreciate it if you didnt talk down to me
again , we have different values to each item . i'm open to a counter offer . i am treating you with respect and i would appreciate the same from you .
deal . you see how we can work together ? hope you have a wonderful and blessed day !
are you kidding ? this is not how this works
down to you ? you just asked for 4 things and let me 1 . was that nice of you ?
no you are not . nevermind , i would like the book and one hat . you can have the rest and move on .
same , thanks
i would like one book , and three balls
i can take the hat and three balls
i need book or no deal
ok
i want the ball and two books
i want one book with the ball
you can have the ball , but i want the books
ok deal .
all you want is the hats and i can take everything else ?
deal .
need hats
yes
i will give you the ball and 1 of the books
there is only 1 ball to be had but you can have 2 books and the ball if that is what you meant
what do you want ?
ok 2 balls and 1 hat
2 hats and a ball or 2 balls and a hat .
i just need the hat and 1 ball
i really need a ball too
alright 1 hat and 1 ball for me and you get the rest
how about just the hat for you ?
ok , lets do it
as long as i can have everything else ?
i just want the balls
sure
i'll take the ball and the books and let you have the hats .
i can give you just one hat and we have a deal .
yes .
i would like 1 hat 1 ball
i get 1 hat 1 ball ?
ok
i'll take the books and ball , you can have the hat
ok , deal
i need 1 ball at least
if i can have the hat and the balls you can have the books
you can have the books and one ball
sure , i will take that deal .
i'd like 2 hats and 1 ball . deal ?
great , thanks .
i can not make that offer . i need the same . is the book any value to you ?
if you take the ball i would need all of the hats
i can't accept that deal . i don't think we will be able to make a deal .
no deal .
no desl
i want the ball and two hats
just 1 point .
they're all too close in value for me , i need at least one of each
yeah , no deal : (
nd
i'll take the hat and ball , ok ?
fantastic !
ok
if i can have the ball you can have the rest
okay great ! thank you !
deal
i want two balls and the book
i could do with both of the hats , and a ball .
deal
no deal . i will take the basketall and both books you can have the hats
no i will take the ball and 1 book you can have the rest
that's not fair . i get a book and the basketball . you can have the other book and both hats
no deal i won't give up the baskeball . i will take the ball you take the rest
i'll take 1 book 1 hat and the ball
no way i get the ball and you can have both hats and books
no deal my best and final i get the ball and 1 book you get the hats and a book thats fair
look i will take the ball you can have the rest that's 4 for 1
the books are valuable to me , but i will part with both if i can have the hats and the ball .
you got yourself a deal .
hi , id like the books and ball please .
okay , i'll agree to that . 2 books for me , 3 hats , 1 ball for you ?
thanks .
i need the ball and two hats and you can have one hat and the book
okay i will accept that offer . thank you .
how about you take three hats
no way , you can get three hats and one book
i need both books and a hat
so i would get both books and a hat ?
i can do that
i need one of each
i can do that , if i get the ball and one hat
yes
ok , so i get two balls and one book ?
deal
hi i would like the hat and 1 book and you can have the rest
yes .
can i have book ? you can have everything else .
i would like the balls and the book please
thats fine . deal ?
i can do 1 ball and 1 book
cant do but i guess i can do the 1 ball and 2 books for you
i'd like 1 ball and 2 books
how about two ahts and one book for me ?
ok . we have a deal then ? for 1 ball and 2 books for me ?
i would like the ball and the hats .
that is your final offer ?
i accept .
sorry , need the ball and 2 books . won`t go any low
yes , one ball and 2 books .
i would like the books , you can have the rest
i would need a ball and a book then
deal
i can give you 1 book if i can have the rest
i need both th eballs . . ok i can give you the 2 books if i can have the rest like you said
deal
i'd like books .
balls are 0 . hat is 1 .
do you really need all 3 ?
there is no way i can beat 9 , so i'll give you 3 books .
can i have the books and the hat ?
i need the hat and 1 book .
you can have the books .
no , just books . or you only get the hat .
gimme balls
balls to me , else to you
if i can have the ht and the ball you can have the books
yes
great ! thank you !
so you would like one hat and one ball ?
deal
i would like the books and the hat .
deal .
i want hats .
you can have the other stuff and i keep the hats . deal ?
i want balls
ok deal
deal
i will give you all the basketballs and the book .
i really love to read so i'd be fine with just the 2 books sir .
you can have the rest
well then i will take 1 book and everything else .
no that means you get one book , i get the rest .
well you aren't offering anything back at all so what do you want from me ?
no . my hit's about to expire . we're obviously not agreeing .
no , that's not a good deal for me at all .
i understood that . it's not a good deal for me .
that doesn't even make any sense . so you want basically everything ?
no . that's a worse deal for me than what you offered first .
i'll take one book and all the balls . you can have the rest .
i would like the ball and a hat ?
how about i take the ball and 1 book ?
yes 1 ball and 1 book
if i give up the ball , i will need just about everything else .
that's not that great for me , is that your final offer ?
deal .
what would you like
just hat then
nope
meaning you get just hat
the hat i definitely need .
if you don't need any books i would like to take at least 1 but if you need them i understand
nope what ?
thats fine . deal
how about you get two hats
one hat and one book
deal
i need two hats and a book
i can't do that i need 2 hats and a book
i can take a ball and a hat .
how do you want to split this ?
okay , i'll take 2 hats and one book . thanks
i can do that
i would like the book and one ball
great
i must have hat ; you take the rest
sorry i misread , i need 1 hat and book
the book is the only item of value for me
balls are 0 - no hat no deal
do you know when no deal button appears ?
i can give you the hats to be honest
isnt that what i said . . . . . .
sorry cant give you that i can only offer you the hats
i can offer you 3 hats or 1 ball thats the best i can do
then no deal i cannot offer you anything other than 3 hats then
i kind of like the book
you can have it if i can have everything else
i need the book and 3 hats
i need teh book or no deal
okay
greetings ! i the great goldenrod power ranger come to request of you one ball and one book , so i can set off in my ventures to save the world !
fare the well . . . and be safe out there !
i will take the ball and 1 hat .
alright .
how about i take 2 balls and one book
take 2 balls while i have the rest
deal
yes
hi , can i have 3 balls and a hat ?
not a chance . it's a wonderful ball . i'll take one of each item . you can have the other three hats .
i'll trade you my ball for your book .
ok that works with me
you can have the hats but , i need the rest
you can have two hats and one book
i do as well . unfortunately , i think we can not make a deal
deal !
i would like the hat and two balls
id like to read those books with a hat on
then may i have the books and 1 ball ?
i need both hats
sounds good i'll take the hats and a ball you can have the rest
if i can have the hats and the book you can have the balls
i have give you the book if i can have hats and 1 ball
2 balls 1 hat for me
i would like the hats and book .
how about i take the book . you take the balls and we split the hats ?
yes . one hat and the book for me .
i'd like both balls , 2 hats , and one book
you can have all the books if i can have one hat and the balls
books and hats for me
ok deal
if i can have the books and the hats you can have the balls
you can have the hats then and i will take the balls and the books
okay thank you !
the balls are 0 for me .
ok
how about you take all the hats ; i'll take the balls and the book .
alright , i take book and 1 ball ; you take hats and 1 ball ?
i understand that , but we can deduce the point value from what's being shown . i'm willing to go even with you ; i'll take book and 1 ball . you take rest .
hey , i want the hats and balls
nope
hmmm , i want both balls though
i need the book and 2 hats
not possible
i can't make that work , i need the book and 2 hats
i can't do that
no deal
okay
no . i need all the hats and the ball .
i'll take two hats and the ball .
i need at least two hats and either the book or the ball .
i need at least 2 hats .
alright . i will give you the book and 2 hats .
ok . . . i'll take everything else
i need the book
ok
okay agreed .
i'd like the hat and the balls ; you can keep the books
i want book 2 hats
i'll take 3 balls 2 hats
so you get book only
okay
i'll give you 2 balls in exchange for the book
ok deal
yes
if you get the hat i need everything else
ok , then i need the hat and 3 other items
if you take the hat i take everything else
ok then no deal , keep it going
pffft
gimme the hat and 3 books
no , need books at least 3
hat and 2 books to me
no deal
no deal
awwwwee
i would like the ball and the books .
ok , that's all you want ?
if i can have the hats that is just dandy
do you have a basketball i can get from you ?
i can give you three hats in exchange for the ball , but i can't part with the books
that's a deal .
if i am able to get the hats and the books from you then you can have the ball .
my final offer will be for me to take three hats and one book and you can have the rest .
great ! thank you !
sounds like a good deal ! =)
i would like the 3 balls and you can have the rest .
is that your final offer because i am happy
hi i would like the ball and hats and you can have the books
yes
i'd like the basketball and hat
i'll take the ball and you can have the hat and books
i can not accept that deal . would you be willing to give up the books and the hat and you can have the ball ?
okay great ! thank you !
if i can have the hats you can have the rest
i need atleast 1 hat or i get nothing .
that will have to do .
sory cant give you the hats i can give you the balls
i can give you 1 hat and 1 ball best i can do if you cant accept that just say no deal back and forth until no deal was agreed appears
okay deal you take 1 hat and 1 ball
so do i
hat you
i need three , they are not equal for me .
i'll take the hat and one book
i need one of each
what do you need the most ?
they're all equal . i just need three
i can't do less than three , else i'm stuck with 4 points
deal
gimme the book , you have rest
gimme book or no deal
okay
i would like the hat and one ball . you may have everything else .
deal .
sounds good
great
i'd need to have both hats and all the balls
fine , you can have the book and one ball
a book and a ball .
no . give me one of whichever is worse for you , the hat or the ball , plus the book .
deal .
how about i get 2 hats and the ball ?
well then i need the hats and the book .
if i can have the ball and the book you can have the hats
no deal , i need the ball or i can not make a deal
okay deal .
hi ! i'd like all of the books .
yes , if i can also have one of the balls .
you can have both of the hats .
yes . so one book , two balls for me . two hats , one book for you . right ?
hello
can i have all the hats ?
i'll give you all the balls if i can keep one of the hats
sorry i mean i'll give you all the balls and one book and i'll take the rest . deal ?
how abbout you take the hat and two books ?
deal
if i can have the hat and three books you can have the ball and a book
i can take the hat , ball , and one book if that works for you
thank you
i'd like the balls . you can have everything else .
balls are each 5 points for me .
you don't want anything else ? !
sounds good for me . i get everything but the balls
i will take the books , you can have the rest
deal .
you can have a book and 2 hats
i want 2 books
okay deal
i'd like the balls , you can have the rest
sounds good .
gimme book and hat
book mine or no deal
i need the book
ok , you get book , i get rest
if i can have the ball and the hats you can have the book
you can have two hats if i can have the rest
yes , that is reasonable .
i want the hats mostly
can i have a book and two hats ?
you take balls , and i keep the rest
books are zero to me
no i meant without books i will have sero
just one book and all balls for you
can i also have a book ?
so you just want the hat and that's it ?
oh , can i have either the hat or a book too ?
deal .
very well
i take the ball and you can have the rest .
ok deal
give the ball to me
ok deal , sound good
if i can have the hat you can have everything else
okay you can have two books and two balls and i will have the hat and one book ?
i want 2 books and 2 balls .
thats fine i take the rest
i want the balls
deal
if i can have the hats and the books you can have the ball
i need at least one hat as well
okay so i get two hats and two books ?
i can't make that deal . i won't be left with anything
okay deal . thank you .
sorry , i need the ball and 2 hats
give me 2 books then if you want the hat
i get 1 ball , 1 hat and 2 books
how about i get 1 ball and 4 books
the hat and one ball
deal
you can everything if i get books .
sounds good to me
i want the book , you can have the rest
i want one of each .
ok .
this is a hard one . . . . . . . . i need 2 hats and two balls just to make 6 / 10
deal .
the book and one hat
thx
you can have the hats , but i want the book and the balls
the book is worth a literal peanut to me
split the balls then ? you get 2 balls and the hats and i take 2 balls and the book ?
split the balls or no deal
no deal then
hello , i will give you the book and a ball if i can have three balls and two hats ?
i can only give up one ball . i would need two hats and three balls at the very least , leaving you with a ball and a book .
same here , the book is of no value to me , which is why i would need the hats (which still are of little value to me) and the balls which are the most value to me .
can't do that , sorry . i need at least three balls and two hats .
no deal then .
lol . . . um no . you can have the books but i want the hat and balls
i also need that hat .
i can do this - you the hat , me all else - that gets me 5
i would like the hat and all the books .
i can't do without the hat . you can have the balls . the books are negotiable .
we look to be stuck then . so no deal .
ok deal . thank you .
no deall i want both hats and 1 book you can have the basketball and 1 book
i'd like the ball and 2 hats and you can have the books . deal ?
deal . i'll take 1 book and 1 ball .
i'd like the book and 1 ball .
i mean i feel like i really need to balance my reading with some activity .
i would like the book and the hat .
how about just the book ?
ok , i agree with your previous offer then .
thats unfair on my side . would you accept book and 1 hat for you ?
i would like the book and 2 hats
how would you like two hats ?
i can't do that .
you can have all four hats and i will keep the ball and book
i also need both the book and the ball
i think you are correct
i actually need the book and the ball . . . you can have all of the hats
okay can you accept one book and two hats and i can take two hats and the ball ?
that will not work for me at all . i need both the book and the ball . what deal are you willing to make
okay then i don't think we can make a deal
okay i'm sorry . no deal .
ok fine by me , i`ll take the rest
if i can have both hats you could have the rest
sounds like a deal
i get ball and 3 hats
book and 4 hats for me will work
let's keep it simple . you get all hats and i get the book and ball .
i can do that if you take the book instead of the ball .
done !
i would like the ball and 2 books please .
you can have the hat i want the ball and we can split the books .
you can have all the books if i get the ball (and the hat)
okay
i'd like 2 books , 2 balls and 1 hat . deal ?
no can do , i can give you 1 book and 1 hat if i get the rest .
okay , we can do that
no way . how about two books and one hat ?
that only gives me two items . how about one hat one book and one ball ?
i would like the ball .
alright . i guess i'll take the hat .
no , i want only the books now . deal ?
sorry i want the ball and hat you can have the books
okay fine you can have only the hat
okay only the books for you ill take the hat and ball
id like the balls and hats
fine
what would you like
i will take the book and the basketball and give you the hats
i'd like the hats . . . the book smells nice , but not necessarily necessary .
sounds fair . deal
no way - want hat , 2 books 1 ball
balls are nothing to me , need hat and 1 book
i'll take hat and balls
oi
i'd like the hat and books ; you can have the balls
i do not need the balls . i will take the hat and 1 book .
odd that balls are nothing for the both of us . . . in that case , can you take the hat and leave me the books ? hat is my only high value item .
deal
you can have 2 hats and 1 ball . i need 3 balls and the book
sounds good
can i have 2 hats and 2 balls ?
i can do 2 hats and 1 ball
you take the books , i take the hat and the balls
i can't do that
then i need 1 hat , 1 book and 1 ball
last offer 1 hat and 1 ball , but i am not happy about it
i will take both books , but i also need one ball
i can not give up both balls . , they are too pretty to not have one
no deal
i do not want the hat , you can have the hat it makes my hair ugly
i need the ball and 2 hats
i'm going to need the ball and both hats
ok , how about 1 hat and 1 ball for you and the rest mine ?
ok deal
i want the hat and ball .
i need the hat . you can get the rest .
i can give the ball but i need the hat and at least two books
its not a great deal but i can live with it
i need the balls and the book you can have the hats
i can offer both balls
i will take the book but i also need the hat
ok you get all 3 balls ?
hi , i would like the balls and hat and you can have the book
ok , i can do that
yes .
i'll take the hat and the books .
i'll trade my hat for the two balls .
deal
i can't give up the hat , you can have the books .
you can have the two books and a ball and i'll take the hat and 1 ball .
i need all the books you take the rest
okay that works . thank you .
evening ! how would it sound to you if you got to keep every single hat ? i'll be happy with the book and both balls .
i absolutely can't part with a ball . i'm prepared to let you have the book and the hats , though .
no deal . i will take the hats and one ball and you can have the rest
deal
hi , i'd like the 3 balls and 1 hat .
deal .
i want 1 book and 1 ball
can i possibly add 1 hat ?
no problem .
deal !
no sorry i need it .
i just want the book
i would like the book and the hats .
may i have the book if you take everything else ?
i need the hat and 1 ball
i take the hat you take the rest
i need hat , no nice
ok
i'd like all three balls . you can have the book and the hat .
i can't do that . i don't have much unless i get all three balls .
i don't think we're going to come to an agreement either . i'm sorry , i just can't budge and give up any of the balls .
ok . because i can't agree with you . sorry .
are you able to select "no deal was agreed" ?
i would also like a ball . the hat has no value to me , but the book is the most valuable .
i do not think we can come to an agreement then , for it is not profitable for me unless i were to get at least one ball and the book .
then we must wait it out until we can register this deal as impossible .
i also apologize .
not yet , i believe it is timed until that button is available .
fair enough
i would ike the hat and ball . you can have all the books .
deal .
i need the hat and a book , you can have the rest
great
hello , i would how about i get 1 of each and you can have 3 books ?
ok , sounds like a deal
i need the books and at least 1 ball
okay
if i can have the hat and the balls you can have the books
okay you can have one ball and the books if i can get the rest
great ! thank you !
deal .
hi , iw ould like the ball and you can have the rest ?
okay sound good thanks !
hey there ! i'd like the book and you can have everything else .
i will not give up the book as nothing else holds value to me , but you can have everything else . i just want the book .
how i get the book one hat and two balls
ok deal
hello . i would like both hats and a ball .
i need both hats and a ball for the deal .
how about you get both hats and a book ?
ok , i agree .
only if i get the rest
deal .
i need the hat .
deal . i take the hat , you take the 2 balls and 2 books .
book and one hat for me
deal
you can have the book and 2 hats .
great !
balls and two hats for me
i'd like the hat and 1 ball .
hat is 8 for me . i can't deal without it .
sounds good .
no deal .
no deal .
you can have the balls but i'd like the hat and at least one book
it's 7 for me so i guess we'll just wait for the no deal button
ok
no deal
no deal
how about i get a hat and a book and you get the rest ?
deal
i'd like all balls and 1 book please
okay i'll take 3 balls a book and a hat . deal ?
i would much rather have a book and 2 balls ! i don't need to wear a hat .
i want the book . i don't think ifts fair if not .
hi i will give you a book and three hats for 2 balls
all i can give you is hats and one ball
i meant one book im sorry
i'd like hats .
no deal . i can do 2 hats and 1 book .
i can let you have two of them if i get everything else .
hmm . no , that doesn't work . okay , fair enough , you can have all the hats and i get the book and balls .
hello i would like the book and the hats please .
the balls are of not value to me , i do need the book and at least 1 hat
that works . deal
hi there ! id like the hat and book , and you can have the hats .
how about i keep the ball , and you can have all three hats ?
i need ball and 2 hats
deal
i'll take the book and 1 ball please .
alright i will take the book . you take the rest .
book only
great
i would love the ball
deal
you can have the ball if i can have the rest
i'll take the books and the ball then
i will give you 3 books for all your hats
so then if you want 1 ball i will give you that and 2 books for all your hats
how about i keep both books and give you both balls and we split the hats
ok
i need a book and a ball and a hat , how about that ?
i'd be more comfortable with both of the books , you can have everything else .
if i can have the book you can have the rest
okay great ! thank you !
deal
you can have the hats
so deal i take the book and ball you take the hats
ok
sorry , i need 3 hats and one book or ball
that`s not fair sharing
that`s 4 points for me . totally not fair
then no deal sorry
hello , can i have the hats and books ?
okay you can have the ball and 1 book if i can have 2 hats and 1 book , is this a deal ?
gimme ball and one book
so you get 4 items ? no thanks ill take 2 hats and 2 balls then and throw in 2 books
no ill give you 2 books only
you take 2 books i get the rest thats 2 hats and 2 balls
i'll give you 1 ball and a hat
nope , i'll give you 2 balls
deal
i will take the balls and the book . you can have the hats
hi , i'd like the book and the hats . you can have all the balls .
sounds good to me
i'd like the hats , you can have the rest .
okay , deal
i'll trade you a ball for one hat
i just want 2 hats and you could keep the rest
deal
what about one hat and one ball ?
sounds good . 1 book and a ball
i'd like the books and the ball , you can keep the hats . : )
i need the ball and hats are of no value to me . . . i'd prefer both books and a ball , but i will accept 1 book and 1 ball if you ; re unwilling .
i want the hat and a book or ball
i need the hat as well
are you sure ?
double triple sure ?
really ? ?
hi i would like the hat and 1 book , you can have the balls and 1 book
im sorry i cant make a deal without the hat . im willing to give you everything if i can keep the hat
ok , looks like we wont be able to reach a deal
im sure . me keeping the hat and offering you the rest is the best i can do
double triple sure
i'll take the hat and two balls if that's cool
i need all 3 books , you can have the hat and the ball
sounds great
hi , i just need the ball and one book
ok , thank you
what would you like
i want a million dollars two , you get one book and one ball
how about two balls
no deal
correct ,
beautiful
i want the hat , you can have the rest .
okay
sounds good man .
i'd like both balls , you can have the rest
deal
that sounds perfectly alright to me . deal .
i need books , u have rest
i'd like the ball and the hat you can keep the rest .
the only items of value to me are the hat and ball . i need both or no deal .
2 books for me , you can have all the rest
i want the ball and two books
deal
i would like the hat and you can have the rest .
i have got to have the hat or i can't make a deal .
ok deal .
i need the hat and the ball
ok , i will go with 3 books and the ball
ok
i need both books , you can have the rest
i want 2 books you can have the rest
sounds good to me , deal
if i can have 1 book and 2 hats , you can have the 2 balls .
i'll take the 2 balls if that's ok ?
deal !
give me ball u get rest or flip it
take ball i get rest
i'd like the ball and the hat .
no thanks . i'd like the ball at least .
i need both books and either a hat or the ball
what do you need ?
i can't do that . i need at least the books
no deal
need two books and one hat and one ball
ok only books for you
gimme book and hat
no deals ?
i need book , you take rest
never
ok how about you get two balls and i ll take the rest
deal
i need 2 hats and the book
ok i would like 1 hat , the book and 1 ball
i would like 1 hat , 1 book , and 1 ball
you can have the book and one hat if i can have one hat and the 3 balls
no i need the hat
no . if you want the book then i need the hat and 3 balls
i will take 1 hat , 3 balls and you can have 1 hat , 1 book
then i need 1 hat , 2 balls , and the book
ok
i would like 2 hats and 2 balls
i can not do that deal , we split the hats .
i would like 2 balls and you get one ball
i am a book worm and would love to have the book though , can you please give to me ?
how about i take 2 hats and 1 book , you take all balls ?
i will take 2 balls , 1 hats and the book
i can not give up a hat , i need a hat . 1 hat , 1 ball 1 book ?
i need 1 ball atleast
you can have the book . i want 1 hat 2 balls
gimme the hats , you take rest
can give em up
by can . . . . i mean't can't . sorry to get hopes up . we can split them ?
i want the hats .
can ? so i'll take the two hats and you get the rest ?
fine . i'll take a hat and a book .
i would like all the books and one ball
thanks
i would like the balls , the rest to you
deal
i need the ball for this deal . how about i get the ball and a hat ?
yes
if i can have the books and the ball , i can let you have all the hats
so i get 2 books and 2 hats ?
ok , sounds like a deal
no thank you .
you will give me 4 balls ?
sounds good .
hello ! i will give you a hat and two balls !
how about four balls ?
sure !
i'd like all the balls , all the hats , and i quite fancy a book too ! just kidding . . . i would like 2 balls and a book or hat though .
no thank you . i don't really need a hat . i'll take two balls though . you can keep the rest .
i really do need both balls .
thanks so much . good work team !
how about i give you a hat and book and i take a hat and all the balls .
ill give you a ball and the book and ill take the 2 hats and 2 balls .
ok ill take 2 hats the book and 1 ball .
i really need to catch up on my reading . could i have the book and a couple of balls please
i can't give up my book
what if i keep the book and 1 ball
i can give you all of the balls if i can have the hat and the book
okay then can i have the hat and all of the balls ?
okay that works . thank you !
i really need the hat , but you canhave all of the balls
ok . that is fine
may i have the hat and 2 of the balls ?
my son loves cowboy hats . is there any way i can have just the hat and you can have everything else ?
one ball and one book
ok two balls only
i need the balls and at least one book
nope i need both balls
that is fine
if i can have the basket balls you can have the rest .
deal .
i can offer you one hat
i can give you one book and both hats
you can have the ball and both hats
i need the ball and a book or both books . your pick or we can't make a deal .
you are positive you can't agree to either of those two options ?
ha , you are drunk ! i need both books and 1 hat
nope , how about i get the ball , 1 hat and 1 book
nope
no deal
i can't
you can all of the books if i can get the hat and ball .
yes , i agree to that . you get 3 books and 1 hat . i get the ball and 1 hat .
so i get 3 books and 1 hat ?
i would like the hats and 1 book
i don't think it would look good you , you should let me have it
you can have the rest of the stuff
but i want to be a redora wearing neckbeard
ok no deal
i cannot give up the hat
no thanks
i cannot give up the hat . no deal
no deal
no deal
i need 1 hat and 2 books
no i need the hat
alright 1 hat and 2 books deal
would you consider taking everything but the hat ?
okay . you can have a hat and 2 books . i'll take the rest .
that unfortunately will not work for me . if i can take the books you can have the rest
if i can have two books and the two balls you can have one book and the hat
you would like 2 balls and the hat ?
okay you can have two balls and the hat and i will take the books . thank you !
i'll take 3 books and a hat .
2 books and a hat please .
2 balls and the hat ?
yes
unfortunately , that will not work for me . if i can have the book and one hat you can have one hat and the balls
great ! thank you !
i would like 2 hats 2 books
ok
ok
ok i ll leave you the book and two hats .
i will take the book and the hat . you can have all 3 balls .
no . i need the book . i can take the book and 2 balls .
i need the book .
no deal .
no deal
would you rather have that than have everything but the hat ?
alright .
yes .
ill give you the books if i can have the hat and ball
i need the hat and ball
so deal the hat and ball for me
you can have the hats
naw 4 hats for you
deal 4 hats for you and 1 book and 1 ball for me
how about i get either the book or the ball with one hat ?
ok .
i would like the book and ball , you can have the 4 hats
how about the book and 3 hats
i have to have the ball . you can have the book and 2 hats .
okay .
only a little . how about i take the ball and the books , and you take the hats ?
that'll only leave me with 5 points and i'll be sad . unless you will only 5 points too .
poor thing ! okay , fine . i'll take everything but the ball . phhht . enjoy it !
hey there , do you have any interest in the hats ?
i'd really like the ball and would be willing to give you everything else . the other items are not of much value to me .
the ball is literally the only thing with value .
i'll take the hat and balls if that's ok ?
ok
you can have a hat and a ball . i'll take 1 ball and the books
let me get that hat and a book .
hat and one book , you can have all three balls and the other book .
i'm trying to walk away with 50 / 50 here and i need one of those books to do so .
seems this is stacked against us here then , you can have both books and two balls and i'll take the hat and a ball then .
you can have the hat , the rest to me
that wouldn't be fair to me , sorry
yep , 50 / 50 is what i'm going for , too
ok , i lose , but it's a deal
both balls and a book to me
one each for each person
you can have all the books and the hats if i canhave the balls . i need two balls . . . i'm a eunech
2 hats and a ball or the book
how about you get two hats
ok two hats and one ball for you
deal
i need the ball and at least one book .
hello !
i don't know how to bargain since we're not supposed to take the first offer . . .
how about you take the book and 2 hats and i take 1 hat and the rest ?
i need th book and all hats you take th rest
okay i will divide evenly you say yes 1 book and you tak 2 hats
i would like 1 book and 1 hat .
deal
okay sounds great
ill take the ball and give you everything else
hi i would like 2 books and a ball if that's okay .
well i only have 2 hats
well that's leaves an extra book , so can i have 2 books and the ball ?
may i have 3 hats in exchange please ?
i will take 2 hats and give you 1 book and a ball
deal
can i have the hat and the balls ?
ok then
sure , i`ll take the 4 books
i want all three balls and the book .
how about if i take all three balls and the hat , instead ?
you can have all 3 balls , but i would like the book and the hat .
deal
hey , i like the three hats and either the book or the ball
i can give you one book or one ball
ok
i can do one hat . but i'll need the book and ball .
how about i take the book and ball and give you all three hats ?
sounds good . deal !
i need the books and the hats
fine
no deal . you can have the hats and ill take the balls and books
my bottom line here is i need any three objects - they can be whatever but if i dont get three i cant deal
deal
i would like the hat and either 2 balls or 2 books .
ok , you can have 2 books and a 1 ball . deal ?
how about no . you can give me 1 book . and i want 2 balls as well .
okay i will give you two hats for the 1 book
yeah then accept it . two hats and give me the book
no i want the book , you can have all the balls
fine take the book but i want all the balls and hats
ok , i want 10 books , you can have the rest , final deal
k bye . i'm only taking 1 book
we are both wasting our time
i want the book . i don't even get any points for it .
i've done these hits a million times . you get the bonus either way
i'd like the book and the hats , you can keep the balls
sounds good to me .
i would like 3 hats and 1 book . you can have 1 book and the ball .
deal
i need at least three to be worth it
i can do that
how about i get one of each ?
what if i take the book and one hat ?
okay , deal
i can't give up the hats . i'll take the hats . you take the balls .
i'll take one hat and the book . you take a hat and we'll split the balls .
ok . deal !
i would like the hats and the balls .
i need at least one hat .
ok , i guess that works .
ok !
i just want the ball
thx
you can have the hats , i'll take the ball and the book
deal .
i can give you the hat and keep the basketballs . : d
hi ! that hat is gorgeous . i'd like the hat and both of the basketballs , please .
no , the basketballs are important to me . i played in college . how about i get both basketballs and one book ? you can have the rest .
i can offer 2 balls and 1 hat
i'd go for two hats and a ball
hello , can i have the hats and balls ? you can have the books .
i really need both hats . would you like both balls as well as all the books ?
yes , that sounds good .
i need at least one hat as well .
you take the hats and i will take the rest ?
what would you like
i'd really like the book and the hat . i hate sports so you can have all the balls
no i really am a fair headed geek . need to protect my skin when i read outside
deal
i'd love the book ; the others i can take what you're willing to spare - they're all the same value .
i like to read , though ! any way you will be satisfied without the book ?
that's just great ; i'll take the balls and a terrible score . : ) deal .
hi , can i have all the hats ?
sorry , i want all 4 hats
no deal , thank you
no deal
keep talking , we need to exchange some texts
i ll give you 2 hats
nope not going to happen
no deal
i cant click no deal
okay wonder what it was
can i have the books ? you can have the rest .
ok
i'll give you one book and the rest
deal
negatron megatron i only need those balls
that works for me .
i need the book and the balls , you can have the hats
you take the balls and i will take the rest
no i can not do that . i need the hat and then we are going to have to split up the balls and the books .
i'm going to need more then 1 . i am going to need 3 minimum of any combination of books or balls .
agreed . no deal .
no deal .
no deal .
can i have the balls and the books
you take the hat and i can add you one book
then we have no deal
no dewal
still no deal
ill take the book and a ball if that's ok
i need the book
same here . . . . . no deal button ?
i need the book and balls
were boned then =(
i need the book as well
hello , can i have the hat and book ? you can have all 4 balls
thank you
sure ! deal
i would love the book and two hats
sorry can't do it . the ball to me is worth nothing
if i can just have the book , you can have everything else .
i can do both balls and a hat
i can do that deal
i'll give you 1 ball and 1 hat
can't give any ball . 2 hats and 1 book
no i really want the ball . would you like the hat ?
how about just the ball and i take the rest ?
great !
i get 1 ball and 2 books , you get the rest
hat doesn't fit . ball i like . me get ball and 1 book ?
deal
i'd like both books and the hats if the balls are of value to you .
if i give up the books i lose out . would you give me both books and you keep all 4 other items ?
you may have the hats , but i will need at least one book .
i agree to that .
if i can have the balls and the hat you can have the books
i can't either so , no deal . i'm sorry .
no deal .
no deal .
it will once the conversations goes on long enough
i need the balls , you can take the rest . but i can't make a deal without all balls
agree , no deal
ok
my no deal button isn't turning on
no deal
i need the hat as well . . . are you willing to make a deal without it ?
no deal . i'm sorry i need the hat as well .
you can have the balls and balls only ,
i would like the balls and 1 hat , you can have 1 hat and all the books
i need the hats and at least one ball .
deal i get 1 ball and book
hmmmm . ok
you can have all the balls but i need the hat and book .
sorry i cant do that . i need both balls too . i can offer you the hats and books
ok . so you want both hats and a book ?
ok , deal
i would like both balls and both hats .
that leaves me with 2 points . if i give up a ball i would need both hats .
no i want 1 ball and both hats
can i have the book and the balls ?
if you give me one ball also ?
ok , i'll take the book and the hat . deal
ouch , gimme balls , u have rest
no sir , that deal is unsatisfactory .
ill give you all the books
ill give you all the books and a hat
ill give you evrerything i keep my balls
no balls
deal
i'll take the books and basketball and one hat
i need the basketball . i'll take that and both books .
i'll take once of each
i'll take everything except that .
could i have the book , the hat and a basketball .
how about i give you the book because i can't read and 2 basketballs .
sorry to hear about your neck . i will take that deal .
nope . i'll give you 4 balls
well i can't play basektball , i broke my neck so i'll give you 2 balls and a hat for 1 book
hi , can i have 2 balls ? you can have 3 books and 2 hats
ya , sounds good to me
i need two books and one hat
no can do
so i guess no deal ,
no deal
true
if i can have the hat and ball i will cede the lovely books
the hat is really paramount for me . i can give you all other things
lol . . . ok . well , the hat is 9 for me so without it there will be no deal
nope
indeed
i would like 1 book and 1 hat .
can i have the book and 1 ball ?
i will just stick with the book
ill give you the book if you give me the rest .
that is too much . how about i the book and a ball ?
okay , deal . you get the book , i get the rest .
how about you take the book and i keep everything else ?
ok , i agree to that .
want book & 1 ball
no , need 1 ball and book .
deal
1 ball , 1 hat and 2 books for me
i would like all of the balls
you can have 1 of each item
i just want the hat , you can have the rest
thanks !
deal
i would like the ball and hat
no sorry , i need the hat and ball to make it worthwhile for me
no theyre not . looks like we wont be able to reach a deal
i cant . im sorry
im sorry too . no deal
what would you like ?
i can give you the hat , but can't give up the ball . how about you take the hat and a book . i'll take the ball and two books .
i hear ya . the ball is the only thing of any value . are the books any value to you ?
you can split the ball and hat ?
understand . no deal then . sorry .
you can have both of the hats , but i get two balls and the book .
i'd like the hats
deal
book and hats
you have all the balls and hats i take the book
cant . . . i need the book and the balls . . . you can have the hats
fine
would you accept two balls ?
how about you take all the balls and give me the rest
i can give you one hat and the balls
i will give you one hat and three balls for the hat and one book
deal
rather have 1 book for 2 hats
no on the book 2 hats 3 balls ok
for ? the book ? sorry real new at this .
lol i will give you 2 hats + 3 balls for the book
deal !
i want 1 book 2 hat take all my balls
i'll give you three hats if i can have the book and the balls
i want the book and the ball .
okay sounds like a deal to me .
i will take the three hats
you can have the books if i can have everything nelse
ok deal
i need the ball but , you can have everything else
okay deal .
can i have hat and ball ?
yea , ok
i need the ball and two books
the ball is the thing i have to have : (
i like the books , but need the ball to play hoops with the kids
deal
i would like the ball and you can have everything else .
i'm not much of a reader so have no need for books .
: ) okay , you can have the ball , i'll take the hat and the 3 books
2 balls . . . you can have everything else
which items do you need ?
sounds good
i can only give you the hat if i get the rest
only way you can have the hat is if i get the rest
ok , confirming you get the hat and i get everything else .
i'd love the hat and 2 of the books .
how i about i get thehat and 1 book ?
ok , that will have to do , thanks .
can have the hats and the balls ?
so i get all the hats and books ?
can we at least share the balls ?
ok then
i need the balls you can have the rest
yes
no , i can't make a deal without the balls
i would like the hat and the ball .
i really need the hat but you can have the rest .
i would like all the books and hat
ok
which is more valuable to you , the book or the balls ?
i can offer you the ball if you give me everything else
okay ill give you the hat for everything else
the hat
hat is only thing worth anything to me .
ok
i need the book and at least 1 hat
i need both hats and the ball
if you want the book then i have to have the hats and the balls sorry
then no deal
no deal
if i can have the book and the hats you can have the balls
i can not make that deal . i need the book or i can not make a deal
i can not make that deal . i need the book and the hats . if not i can not make a deal .
okay . no deal . sorry .
no deal .
i'd like the book . you can have the rest .
perfect . we have a deal .
i would like the book and both hats .
i can't give up any hats , sorry .
you can have the book . i would like both hats and both basketballs , please .
you can have both hats if i can have both basketballs and the book .
i agree to that .
i get all the hats please and you get book and ball
i'd like all the balls
ok . it's a deal
you can have the ball if i can have the rest
deal .
i can't accept that deal . if i can have the books you can have the hat and the balls . . . would that work for you ?
same as me . the only other deal i would be willing to make is if we can split the difference and i can have one of each
you can have one ball and the book
okay thank you !
how about you take the hat and balls and i will take the books ?
the books are the only things of value to me
okay can i have 1 book and the balls ?
deal
you take all balls and i keep the rest
so
one book
one
so you take all balls and all books then , fine
thats a raw deal
i get the balls and the books
both
nope
great
not bad , but i also need the ball
neither can i
no deal
no deal
unfortunately so
hi i would like the ball and hats and you can have the books
i cant make a deal without the ball
ok . no deal
no deal
no deal
i would like the hat
correct . thank you
okay then i will take the books and the balls ? and you could keep the hat
i will need the hat .
i agree .
i can give you a book and ball
if you need hat i need everything else
hmmm . the ball looks nice , and the book is ingeretsing
perfect
you take the book and the ball , i will take the hats .
i can't accept that deal . i need the hat and the books or both balls
same for me . no deal .
no deal .
no deal .
no deal .
you can have the books and a ball if i can have the hat and a ball
i need the hat or no deal
no deal
no deal
no deal
books and balls for me
books and one ball for me
hi i would like the hats and books and you can have the balls
sorry i need the hats and books
deal
i need the ball and 2 hats
i need the book and the hat
i can't do that
i have to have all the hats and the book if you get the ball
no deal
hey , how about i get the book , ball and 1 hat
i can give you all the hats if you want , but keep the rest
i need the book and ball
ok i keep 2 hats and a ball
ok , well what about i give you the ball , and keep two hats and the book
gimme the books
deal
you want the books ? you can have them . i want the hats and ball .
okay done .
you can have everything else if i can have the ball
deal .
i'd like the books , but you can have the rest
ok . so i will take 2 hats and one book
seriously ? i want three items .
no thanks . i want 2 hats and one book or one hat one book one ball . take your pic
ok . i am taking two hats and one book then
id like one ball please and i will give you 2 hats
how about one book and one hat ?
i will give you 3 hats
2 hats and one book for one ball
ok and i get one ball
id like the book and two hats . . . a hat and the ball for you
i have to have the book . best i can do is the book and one hat for me . . . the rest for you
i'd like the ball and the book , please .
deal .
can i have at least one hat ?
take the book and 2 hats .
can i please have all the hats ?
only if i can take the book along with nmy 2 hats ?
hat 2 balls for me
okay
i will give you the hat if i can have all the balls
i will need at least three objects .
for me ?
deal .
hey , how about i take the hats and a book ?
ok , 2 books and a ball ?
yes
if i can have the book and the ball you can have the hats
okay great ! thank you !
okay
i would like the ball and 3 of anything of your choosing .
sorry , i can't either
unfortunately , yeah . sorry .
sorry children . life's hard . still no deal .
no anger here , but no deal still .
you should try changing her diet to books . i hear that's better for you .
i cant make a deal without the ball in my pocket
are you sure 0 _ 0
but think of the children . . . .
such anger .
my grandma is starving and she's on a strict diet of only basketballs
no deal . i need the books as well . if i can have three books and the ball you can have one book and the hats
i need at least two books or no deal .
no deal .
no deal .
okay deal .
ok i take books and you keep the rest , deal ?
not today buddy
yeah one book and one hat and one ball for you
no deal
no deal , ok how about two books and one ball for you
i need 1 book and 1 hat
you can have all of the balls . i really need the book and the hat
how about the book and two balls ?
you can have both hats if i get the book and both balls .
deal
howdy partner . i'm a basketball loving cowboy . mind if i take a hat and a ball ?
that's mighty kind of you . shake on it .
i want the books and hat
i'll trade you a hat for a book , so two books and one ball for me
how about i take both books and give you the rest ?
then no deal
can't do it
i want both books and a ball
no can do . if i am getting the hat i need one book and one ball also
can't do it . . i need at least one book in which case i need the hat and one ball as well
the only other deal is for me to take both books and give you all else
ok no deal
hello , how are you ?
good . you want the books , and a hat , i'll take the ball and a hat ?
great . how are you ?
sounds like a fair deal
yeah no book*
i need one ball please
ok two hats
fine
i want the book and three hats
then everything else for me
everything else for me if you take the book
everything else to me if you want the book
i really would like the ball , all else to you
that's a problem for me , sorry , i have to have the ball
sorry i miread , deal
ok i can go for everything but the ball
that's what i meant . if you get the ball i get all the other goodies !
thanks
i need one of each
okay
i can't accept that deal . if i can have the book and one hat you can have the rest
okay great ! thank you !
ill give you all three hats if you give me a ball
deal
you can have the ball if i can have the rest
ok you can take all hats and i keep the rest
ok book and one hat
i at least need the book and 1 hat
hi i would like the book and balls . you can have the hats
sorry , i cant make a deal without the book
ok , i guess that's fair . deal
i would really like ot have the book
i will take the two hats and two balls
i would like just the ball you can have the res
deal
you can have everything , poppy needs that book .
im going to level with you , its the only deal for me .
you'll be huge in texas .
you can't give up the book ? it's a pretty big deal for me
you drive a hard bargain . time to start a cowboy basketball team . 3 hats and 2 balls for me .
i want a book and the hat
deal
you can have the hat but , i will need everything else
okay great ! thank you !
what about a 2 balls and a hat ?
sounds good
i would like the book
ill take ball and books and you can have the hats ?
all three hats
no , i meant i'll gob=ve you 3 hats for the ball . . . . . . i need the ball and at lest 2 books
what will you give up for the ball ?
deal . i'll take only the ball .
oh , i need one of the books .
i will take the basketball and 2 hats you take 2 hats and the book
no can do i keep the basketball you take the rest
i can take the book and ball and you can have all the hats
ok
you can have both books , and a hat
i can not give you a ball
deal
going to need one of each .
how about you keep both balls if i can have the two hats and books ?
gimme one of each
ok
how about i take the books and you can have the hall and balls
great
i can't do that . how about you take the balls and the book .
it's almost the same for me , but i'll take the balls and the book .
all i want is the hat . . but its unfortunately non - negotiable . . . . all 10 points for me are the hat
as i said , , , the hat is 10 for me , the book and balls are 0 . . . so if no hat for me we're done . . . sorry , , , , its a weird one
hi , can i have the book ?
can i have 1 hat too ?
ok
sure , can i have everything else ?
i need both hats
i would like 2 books and 1 hat please
deal
i'd like both hats , but you can have both books and both basketballs .
can i have the hat and 1 ball ?
i have been searching for a cowboy hat my entire life . could i please have it
i can part with anything it is just my life long dream to own a hat just like that .
i need the hat as well . are you willing to part with it ?
okay , if i can have the hat and the book you can have the balls
ideal would be to get that hat and the ball .
deal
i can give you that as long as i get the books and 1 ball .
great , thanks .
if i can have the balls and the hats you can have the books
that will not work for me . i need the balls and one hat in order to make a deal
yes .
give me the books , a hat and a ball
ok , the books and 1 hat for me ?
deal
if i can have the ball you can have the rest
thank you !
can i get the hats and a book
deal
i would like 2 balls and 1 book
yeah . if i get 2 balls and a book
thanks
you can take the book i need the rest they all very low to me
so i can do 1 book and 1 hat that leaves us both with 5
yes
could i take the book and hats ?
if i have just the book i'll have 4 . so no .
that's what i'll get ? the book and a hat ?
i'll take 1 hat and 1 book , you can have the rest
i really need the hat . how about if i get the hat and the balls and you can have the books ?
i will take the balls
cool
i 'll take the hats
ok than we can split the books
im in thrall of the ball and the books . . . hats are yours
deal
deal
i'd like the book you can have everything else .
i'll take the hats and the ball .
you can only have one hat with the ball .
no .
make another offer then ,
i'm willing to take the ball the book and the hat .
i want the ball and two hats
can i have the book too ?
doesnt seem fair
ball , book , hat
no deal
i want the books and ball
i really need that ball tho
ok deal
you can have all of the books . i need the ball and the hat to make a deal
no . i need the ball and the hat .
gimme the book
i need book and a hat
you can have the book . i will take all the rest .
okay you get the book and 1 hat . i get the rest .
ok . can i have the books
you can have 1 hat if i get all 3 books
i would like the ball please .
can i take a hat or do you need both ?
okay agreed .
deal
i'd like the books .
the balls are critical to me . i'd also like the hats but i can woirk with you . how about you ?
yup !
which items do you need ?
the balls are critical to me as well . would you agree to take one ball and two hats and i'll take the rest ?
i'd like the ball . you can ahve the rest .
i have to have the ball or no deal . it's 7 points for me .
okay . so i'll take books and ball , you take books ? is that what you want to do ?
you're awesome . : - )
hmm , hats are nothing to me ; any chance i can have ball and 1 book you can take 1 book and the 3 hats ?
which means hats are 1 each ? take them all , i'll keep my 2 books !
yes , there's no way you'll budge on your 7 pointer and i can ; t use the books . one of us deserves a perfect score bonus . ! : )
i need all the balls plus eithe 1 hat or 1 book and you have a deal
hats and books
ok , all balls and one book for you
give me hats u get rest
deal
okay deal . thank you !
i would like the ball and 1 book
can i have all the balls and a ball please ?
sorry meant books , books and a ball .
then i'll take the books and ball
then thats not going to work . no deal
no deal
the balls and the what ? you wrote balls twice .
thats not going to work . i do need the hats , but will need either the 3 of the books or the ball .
what ? i already said that wasn't going to work . i gave you the minimum combination of what i need in order to agree on a deal .
no deal .
agreed . no deal .
can i have one of the books if you get one hat ?
okay , we will go with what you originally said .
i'll take 2 books , you can have the rest
hats have a value of 0 on my side
cool !
no , i want all the hats
i can have 3 hats and one book then
no , 3 balls and a book or no deal
ok , i`ll take it
i'll take the book , 2 hats , and 1 ball .
you can have 3 hats and 1 ball .
no , you can't have the book . you can have 3 hats and both the balls .
no deal . you can have all the hats and 1 ball .
i would like the hat and two books
i counteroffer one book and the hat for me
agreed
you can have all the books , i want the hat and ball .
agreed . which means i get two books and the ball .
i need the ball and the book . you can have all of the hats .
sound like a good deal ? i take the ball and the book . you take all of the hats ?
well aint it my lucky day i happen to be in need of four hats .
done and done
i'll take the hat and the ball . you get the rest ?
i get 1 book and the hat , you get 2 books and the ball ?
i need the ball
yes
can i have the books a hat and a ball please ?
deal
sounds good , 3 hats for me the rest for you .
you get the ball and i get the rest . please
the balls have a zero value for me .
can i get 1 book please
what is of the most value to you
you get 1 book and all balls i get the rest please
no . you can have 1 ball , all the books , and i'll take 1 ball and both hats .
i'll take all the books , 1 hat , and the balls then .
only if i can have both the hats .
the books .
okay deal
i'd like the book and the balls . the book is especially important to me .
nope . i need the book . other stuff is negotiable .
okay deal .
hey i want to give you all the books for the hat and ball
i want hat and 1 ball
i need the hat as well
to get move this along ill agree
i want the hat and books .
i need the hat . you can have the balls and one book .
how about i take the hat , you get the rest ?
agreed i will take that deaa
i need both hats and a book
i'm a bookworm and hate sports . i will take the 2 books and give you all the outdoor stuff
what about each of us getting 1 of each ?
sounds good to me .
ok
i get the book and hat you get balls
deal
can i take all the balls and a hat ? or 2 balls and both hats ?
that works . have a good day !
ok both books and one bal for me
g'day
i need the ball 2 hats and 1 book .
deal
you can have all the hats and books , i need just the ball
i would like the hat and one book
no , i need the hat , for sure .
im not sure i can give you two books and two balls
i can do one hat , and one book . but i cant give both hats . i dont need the balls
you can take a ball and a book
i can give you one book and two basketballs ?
i can not make that deal . i need the hat to make a deal . if i took the hat and the balls would you accept the books ?
okay if then you can have the hat if i can have everything else
okay then no deal .
okay so i can take one of each ?
no , that will not work for me . i either need the hat with something else or everything besides the hat
no that will not work
deal .
i'd like the hat . you can have the rest .
i'll take the ball and the hat
i need the ball at least
okay
you can have all the hats and i want the ball and book
you take the ball and i take the rest
can i have 1 hat too ?
alright , thank you !
keep the books i get the rest
deal
you can have it if i can have the hat and 2 books
okay , i get one hat and 2 books , deal !
can i have your basketballs
sure
i want the hat and book
deal
i want the book and hat .
and i will take the rest , good deal
no thanks , i can give you 3 hats , final offer
nope
i guess so
bye , you have to click on no deal was agreed
i will take the basketballs and you can have the books and hat
hey how are you doing ? would you like the basketballs ?
sounds like a plan to me
how about none of each
how about you take all books and i get the rest
nope ,
deal
how about i get one of each ?
what about one book and the hat ?
can't do that . what if i get the hat and the ball ?
what about just the hat ?
okay deal
you can have the book if i can have all of the hats
hi , i want the book one hat and one ball
ok , i`ll take the book and the 3 balls .
i need at least 1 book
great !
hi i would like the balls and books and you can have the hat
ok . i can do that . ill give you the hat and 1 book and ill take the balls and 1 book
i take the hat and you take the rest .
no , i need the hat .
how about i take everything
you can have the hat
you can have 1 hat and 2 books
you can have 2 hats and 1 book
nope , i get 2 balls , and 1 hat
i'd like the hats and books
i'll take two hats and two books
then i want both balls to go with that
ok deal
if i can have the books and the ball you can have the two hats
if i can have the books and the hats i will give you the ball
okay i will give you the ball and one book and i will take the rest
hats are 0 for me . i need ball and book .
no deal . i'm not taking 1 and you get 5 . i need the ball and 1 book or just all 3 books .
can have the two books and a hat please ?
only two books ?
sorry i meant balls
need either of those plus the ball please , or else my deal is worth nothing
deal
give me a book and the rest , you get 2 books
you get 2 books one hat like you mentioned
books and hats to me
books to me rest to you
ok , fair deal .
i want the book and ball
i like the ball , but i'd prefer hats over books
i'll take a deal where i get 1 hat and 1 ball , thanks
hey , how about i give you a book and ball ?
ok . 1 hat and 1 ball ?
i would like both the balls and one hat .
that is too much , i need both balls and you have the book already .
fine . agreed .
gimme book and one hat one ball
balls to you , the rest to me
i would like the hats and the balls .
deal .
i can give you the hats and book but i need the balls
so would i . . . . . the books have no value .
i'll take the hat .
i'd like hat and ball .
i can do books and either ball or hat then .
that definitely won't work for me . i need the book and some of the rest of it .
well that would leave me with 3 , so no .
hi i would like the hats and balls and you can have the books
i cant let go of the hats . i can offer the books and 1 ball
i cant do that . looks like we wont be able to reach a deal
agreed . no deal
no deal
i need 2 hats and the books
i have to have at least 1 hat with the books and the balls
no deal
no deal
no deal
what would be good for you ?
if i take all the two balls and the book you can take one ball and the hats
ok deal
if i take the book and 2 balls you could have a hat and ball .
i cant do that i could take the book and a hat and you could take all the balls and a hat .
ok so i get the book and a hat and you get the balls and a hat .
i need the hats and one more item
ok
hi i would like the book and hats and you can have the balls
how about the hats and 1 ball ?
you can have the book but , i would need the rest
okay then you get the ball and i get everything else ?
okay great !
can i have the book and ball
i need the ball
ok deal
hi , did you want the basketballs , and one hat ?
sure
i want the book ball and one hat
you make an offer then
how about the hats for you ?
i just want the book
then no deal
you got to make a better offer .
i want a book a ball and 1 hat .
i'll take the hats if i get the book too .
no deal .
no deal .
i really need the ball
i'll give you the book and 2 hats
ok
hello , i would like the book and ball and am willing to give you the 4 hats .
i can give you the ball but then i would like the book and the hats .
how about book and 3 hats ?
how about i take the hat and you can have everything else /
i'll take the hat and two balls , and you can have the rest .
deal .
i need the balls they are worth 10 to me
ok that works , i will take 1 ball and 2 hats ?
if i can keep the book and both balls , you can have all 3 hats .
i can't part with both . how about we each get one ball ?
okay , that's agreeable .
you can have the ball and one hat
no , that doesn't help
yes
no del
deal
hi , i want the ball and i want 2 hats .
i can do the ball and the book instead if you need 3 hats
do you need the book ?
i don't need the book . i would like 2 hats though
ok i will take the ball and 1 hat .
i'll take the books and a hat or a ball
cant do it . . . . . . that leaves me too low of a score
6
we cant . . . click on no deal
soon
gimme the book and the balls
need the book , you take all else
how much is the book to you
same , i don't know if we could make a deal
when does it stop being greyed out ?
what would you like
yeah i need book
fine
i would like the book and the hats please
if you take the book then i need everything else
okay thank you !
i'd like a ball and a book . everything else would be yours to keep .
ok . i can do that .
any way you will take the hat and the ball instead ?
its a deal . you can have the balls also .
you can have the book if i get the hat .
cool , deal .
hi , i need 2 books and 2 balls
how about i take all the books and one ball . and thats it
you can take 2 hats and one ball . sorry can`t let go
no deal then , sorry
no deal
you can have all the books if i get both balls and a hat
the balls are where my points are , so i really need both of those and at least 1 hats
that doesn't work for me
no deal
nd
i'll take the hats . you can have the rest .
i was gonna say the same thing
i would like 2 books and 1 hat
ok , i will get by with just 2 books
i'm okay with the 2 balls , but i'll need at least 1 more item
i can make that deal , thank you
sure !
how about you take both hats and the basketball
if you agree then i accept your deal
i'd like 1 of each
ok
can i have 2 balls and 1 hat ?
i can give you 2 hats and 2 books
deal then 2 balls for me the rest for you
hey how are you ?
lol ok . um , you can have both balls and i'll take the rest ?
hi so i'm looking for balls
very well !
could you part with the hat and 2 books .
if i give you the ball could i have everything else ?
i want the hat . you can have the rest .
sure .
okay
hello 2 balls for me please
hi i would like the hats and book and you can have the ball
sorry i cant do that . i need all the hats . how about i take the hats and you can have the rest ?
ok so how about you get the ball and 1 hat ?
i would like the ball and 2 hats
that doesn't work out well for me . im happy with the ball but need one hat .
sounds good
can i get two books and a hat ?
yes
can i have the hats and the ball and you can have the books ?
okay great . thank you .
not sure how to do this one . . . . . . . hmm . . . . . i'l take the balls and you get hats and book ?
deal
i would like the ball , you can have everything else .
okay
give me three books and you can keep the rest
deal
let's split them in halfq
ok
2 hats and book for me , rest for you
i need at least one book .
deal .
i need both books , you can have the rest
okay you take one book and both hats ? i take one book and the ball ?
i want the book and 2 balls , you can have the hats
okay , deal
give me the balls . you can have the rest .
thanks .
i just wan the hat and one ball please you take the rest
let me take all the balls
deal
no , i need the hat
and i will take the hat and the book , good deal
you can have the balls if i can have everything else
deal . thank you .
gimme the balls
ok
and i can have the rest ?
deal
i need a hat
sure
hello ! i'd like the two balls and the hat , you can have the books .
ok , i'd need two balls . you can have the hat and both books then .
well you're not offering me any ideas . what are you offering ?
i'm unable to do that . at the very least , i'd need both balls , you keep the hat and both books .
ok , no deal . we have to keep saying , "no deal" until the button becomes active .
no deal
how about no
i can give you hat and one book
yeah not gonna happen , just click on no deal
no deal
ok , so 1 hat , 2 books for me , 2 balls 1 hat for you ?
oops meant to say 2 balls 1 book for you
i would like 2 balls and 1 book
deal
i just want the hat and ball
ok what about i take the ball and 1 book then ?
me too
i will give you the ball if you give me everything else
i'll take a book , ball and hat
ok
or now bare with me you can have everything and just let me have the hat .
i want the hat and three books .
what can i give up in order to keep the hat ?
done .
i want the hat and ball
i would need all the books and the ball
i need the hat and 2 books
ok
i need the ball and the hat you can have the books
if you take the hat i need the ball and 3 books
great
i want 2 hats and 2 books please
the books are no use to me , at the very least i need the 2 hats
i'll take the hat
you get everything else
hmm i'm not sure . it is a very nice hat .
okay i guess that works .
i need the ball , you can have the rest
deal
i want the ball and 2 books
ok so ball for you rest for me
i need one ball and two books , the rest to you
i'd like the balls and the hat , you can have the books .
suppose that's close to fair . .
i'll take ball and book if you take the hats
i need the ball
guess we are stuck then . . . . . click on no deal when it pops up
yep
i'd like to have the books , the rest you can have
deal !
i'd like at least one book and the rest of the other stuff .
if i can have the hat and the books you can have the balls
2 balls and 1 hat for me ; the rest is yours
deal .
how about the hat , one book and one ball ?
ok . sounds good .
i'll take hat and books .
i'll take the hat and can trade the books for the balls
the books are very valuable for me , too . i
i really don't think we can make a deal , then . the books are 3 each for me .
no deal
no deal
no deal
if i can have the books and two hats you can have the rest
i need all of the books and at least one other item to make a deal
okay no deal . sorry .
no deal .
no deal .
gimme balls and a hat
one ball and both hats for me
i want one of each
how about both hats and i keep the book and ball
i'll take the hat and books and give you the balls
giving up the hat isn't an option for me
i need at least one book and the hat to make a deal , you are getting 4 items and i'm getting 2
sounds good
i can't . how about i take the hat and two balls and you get three books ?
fine then i'll take two balls and three books and you can have the hat
fine you can have one book and i'll take two books and the two balls . good ?
you can have the ball and a hat . does that work ?
how about a ball and a book ?
lemme get two balls and a book
1 ball 2 books
get 1 ball
ok sure
i wear hat you get book and ball to deal
yea deal
ok so i get all the books and all the balls . deal ?
give me hat
yes
and i can have the rest ?
how about you take two hats and a ball instead ?
can i have 2 balls and 1 hat
can i have the book and you keep the rest ?
okay , i'll take the book and two hats .
i'd like two balls , and a hat
okay , deal
i just want one ball , you can have everything else .
how does this deal work for you ?
2 hats and 1 ball
ok so in a negotiation you counter
i dont need the book
2 hats rest for you
what would you like
no can do
you take one book only
then one hat one ball for you
deal
okay
hi , i only need the hat
no deal . i need the hats and the ball you can have the books
no i can not accept that deal . i need what i stated above or no deal .
okay deal . thank you !
i really must have four items . and you can pick whichever you would like to keep .
can you possibly take the books and i get the rest .
ok i get the books and you can have the rest . n
give me hats and ball
deal
you have all hats , but i need all books and the 1 ball is a must for me .
thanks , i'm taking 3 books and 1 ball .
gimme hat
yes , gimme
that's all you want is hats ?
deal .
i want one of each
can i have 1 hat , book and 2 balls ?
okay - book & 2 balls for me
i need the hats and you can have the books and the balls
i have to have the hats
sounds good
i want the ball and book
no
would you trade the ball for a hat ?
i agree with your initial offer .
i want the balls and hat .
ok , i take the balls and you take the rest .
i can give the balls if i get the hat and the books
deal
i want the hat and 1 ball . you take the rest
i need at least one book to get two points
the hat is only worth 1 point for me and the ball one point for me
if i do that i have no points the book is 0 value
you get book and two balls . deals
i want the hat and and 2 balls .
i'll take the book but , i'll trade the hat for the rest of the balls .
i need the hat or i get no points .
ill take the hat and one ball and leave you with the rest .
fine ill take the hat and the book .
the hat is deal breaker .
i want the hat and all the books
okay ill take the hat and half the books
you can take all the books if i can have the hat and ball .
that hardly seems fair .
ok
how about i get 1 book , the hat , and 1 ball ?
sure
would yuo be willing to have all three balls and a book
i need the hats and 1 book
okay
i want the ball and hats .
how about you get one hat and two books ?
ok
i want the book and a ball
unfortunately me too . . . which item is your most valuable ? the ball ?
hats and ball are the same ; do books hold any value to you ?
i suppose that's fair down the middle .
i would like the hats and the ball .
i value the hats and the ball the same . which is more valuable for you ?
a little . how about i take two hats and a book and you take the rest ?
ok , i agree then .
i need all three books you can have the rest .
okay agreed .
i'll take that deal
i want the ball and a hat
ok
would you accept the ball and a book instead ?
hello . i'd like two balls please
great
deal , and i get rest
i need the hat and at least one ball
deal
i need the books and the hat you can have the balls
you can have the hat and 1 ball if i get the rest
i cant do that . i need 1 of each myself
how about 1 hat and 2 balls for me ?
i'll take books and hat if that's ok
figures . . . . . the last deal of the day and they make the layout a bad one . . . . . i would need one of each as well
ok
no can do , i also need the book
so i'll get the book and 1 ball then ?
i need hat and book 3 balls for you
i can do hat and 2 balls , rest for you
yes
you can have the book , but i need the ball and 2 hats
i do not want the book you can have the book . i want 3 hats for sure , ball lets discuss
fine i will take that deal
i'd like the ball and the book
i have to have the ball if anything
you can everything but the ball
take all the hats . i`ll take the book and the ball
give me hats
ok deal
no can do , you can have two balls and one hat
book is mine
and i get one ball
i'd like one of each
how about if i take the hat and book ?
alright , then i get the rest ?
deal
i need the books and 1 ball
sure
could i have the hat and one book and you take both balls and two books ?
i will take the basketball and 2 books you take the hats
deal
i need the ball , you can have everything else
let me think , you can have the ball , i need one book and two hats
i'll take the three hats , and one book
giggles , thanks
i'd love to keep the ball and 2 books ; you can keep the hats
unfortunately hats are worthless to me . . . any chance you can just take the hats ? : )
i feel like that was some form of backwards jedi mindtrick , but deal .
you can have all the books if i can have the hat and the ball .
no chance you'll just take the four books eh ?
alright i'm taking 3 books and the hat .
i need the ball and 1 book
nope
okay
i'll give you 2 books and the hat but i keep the ball and a book
no deal then
what would you like today ?
i am an albino - i need the hat but will negotiate on the books
i can do that
i'd like the hat and some books , but negotiable after the hat .
only way this can be fair without the hat is you taking the hat and me taking everything else ?
least i can get half my points - deal !
i can't part with the ball at all .
but i'd also like the book .
fine then i'll take ther est .
okay !
i really need a hat but i do like to read
how about i take 1 ball and the hat and you get the rest
the book is very important to me , but i will accept letting the hat go . plus it looks better on you anyway ! do the balls hold any value to you or mind if i grabbed them with the book ?
deal
if i can have the book and the hats you can have the balls
i can not make that deal . i need the book or i can not make a deal
okay deal .
book and ball to me , rest to you
give me hats and ball then
can i have 1 book
sure
how about you get all the hats and i get the rest ?
you can have the hats but , i need the books and the ball please
then i need both books you can have everything else
okay thank you .
i would like the books and the hats please .
that is not going to work for me .
i can work with that .
yo yo yo . i would like 3 hats and 1 book good sir .
hmm i do like hats , but i dunno mane .
alright i guess that'll do . it better not be those awful candy hearts though . hats away
i would like the book and the ball , all hats to you brah .
i'll throw in a valentine
i would like the books and ball . the hats i can negotiate a bit more . what about you ?
unfortunately , the ball has the highest value for me as well . let's see how we can do this .
i'd be willing to let you have both hats and one book . how's that ?
i need at least a book w / the ball to break even , too .
ok . i can't agree to anything else either . wouldn't be a good deal for me .
hello . which item(s) do you want the most ?
the ball and hats are the highest value for me . i would be willing to give you one hat and two books if you allow me to have a ball and a hat .
in order to make up for losing the ball , i would need all of the other items . are you willing to do that ?
i really need both hats and both books to break even .
i can't agree to that .
i would like the hat you can have the books .
i'd like 1 hat and 2 balls please .
how about you take 1 ball ?
okay , i can work with that .
how about i take the balls and you take the rest ?
give me one ball and the books .
ill take book and all hats
book and three hats
can't do , book and three hats works
ill take book and ball , you keep rest
then we agree
book and all hats for me if you get ball
ball to costly to me , book and all hats is worth less then ball for me
deal
i would like 1 book and 1 ball
how about a book and 2 hats
i want a ball and 2 hats
no deal on my end for that
no , that was my first offer
i get the book and ball then
no i want 2 hats and the ball , that's fair
then i'll take the book and 3 hats
agrred , deal
i would like the book and 1 hat and you could keep all the balls and one hat
sounds like a fair deal
you can have the books but , i need the hat and the balls
i do as well . i can not make a deal without it
no deal .
no deal
. no deal
hi , i need the hat and 3 books
sorry , i really need the hat ,
no deal then
no deal
no deal
hmm . how about you get 2 hats and the book .
i'd like the 3 hats and either a ball or the book : )
ok
sorry that wont work for me . id like the hats and books
sorry i cant make a deal without 2 hats . i can offer you the ball and 2 books
theres only 2 hats
deal
i'd like 1 ball , 2 hats and you can have all books .
you can have all books , but i need at least 1 hat and the 1 ball which gives you 5 items .
only way this works for me is if i can have the ball and 3 hats .
sorry , i meant 1 ball and 3 books
i'd like th ball and the books .
yea , ok .
i really need the ball , can you take everything else ?
i really need 1 hat
okay 2 hats to you ; 2 balls & 2 books to me
can i have the hats and 1 ball ?
sorry i would need both hats i can give you everything else
okay deal
how bout i take 3 balls and you take 2 ?
oh duh whoops
sure
there's only 2 balls .
you can have balls if i can have hat and books .
you can have the hats if i can have the books and the balls
i need the hats
got it thanks
i need the hat
i can give you just the hat , how about that ?
how about you take the book and one ball
take the hat and one ball
i'll take book and hat if that's ok ?
same here
i would need a book or a ball as well . . . . . too low otherwise
i need the hat and either a ball or a book
if i can have the hats and the book you can have the balls
you can have the balls but , i need both hats
then can i have one of each ?
i can not make the deal . i need the hats as well
no deal .
i need a hat with the two balls
that wont work for me
i will settle for two hats
then i guess we don't have a deal
ok no deal
how about you get the hats and 1 ball and i get the book and 1 ball
great
if i can have the hats and the book you can have the balls
okay i will accept that deal .
thank you !
i want the books and one hat
fine
i want the hat and the ball you can have all the books
i am not giving up the hat , i take the hat and you get the rest
i would like the balls and the hats
i need atleast one of them
i want one ball both books and a hat
i need the balls
you can have 1 ball and both books
ok
split the books and i take the hat and you take the ball ?
i would like the ball and the books .
deal .
need balls , you have rest
need both balls ,
ok , we wait
yes
booo . appear
if i can have the hat and the balls you can have the books
i need at least one ball . if i can have the ball , hat and one book you can have the rest
then no deal . i'm sorry .
no deal .
no deal .
sure i can give you the book , can i have the balls too ?
yeah i can part with 1
you can have the hats if i get the book .
mind if i take one ?
awesome .
sure
i want to keep the basketball .
ok
do you want the hats ?
can i have the rest ?
deal . i'll just take the books then .
if i can have the 3 balls its a deal
i really need the book , and i'd also like the hat . what do you want ?
i could really use the books and the balls . i run a preschool and could use those items .
i wanted the balls also .
i will give the hat in exchange for the books and the basketballs .
how is that ? it is a completely even trade .
i will give you all the balls in exchange for the books and hat .
that wouldn't work for me . i can give you both books in exchange for the balls and the hat .
i understand what you want , but we're trying to reach a compromise . do you ahave a better offer ?
no deal ; i'm losing out completely with that .
our point values are quite different , i assume . i will compromise on 1 book and 1 hat , leaving the rest to you .
balls aint worth but a pence to me going to need more than that
i can live with that
you can have all the basketballs if i can have the rest .
okay , how about you get all the basketballs and a book , if i get the hat and the other book ?
i keep the book and hat and you get all my balls
sorry i need it too , no deal on this one
no deal
no deal
no deal
i need the book and the balls
i need the book as well
click no deal when it comes up
yep
yes , no deal
all i need is the hat
me neither ? ? this is terrible
i uess that is what will happen
kinda bad our higher value is on the same thing and everything else is zip
it does
me too ! the rest has no value to me
ok , we'll just not make a deal then
sometimes
yep , sucks for both of us
waiting for no deal button
i'd like the hat ; is the ball of high value to you ?
in this case ; i'll have to concede and take the books . deal .
you can have the books if i can have the hat and ball
i would need both the hat and ball
i want the book and hats .
how about one hat and one ball ?
no . let's go back to two balls and one hat for you .
i want one hat and the balls
how about two hats and a ball ?
ok deal
throw in one hat and you have a deal
you can have the books if i can have the hats and ball
deal
you can have all hats . they're 0 to me . i'll just take the ball and 1 book .
hi there , i'd take 1 book and 2 hats , and you could have the rest .
cool , that works .
you can have all the hats if i can have the book and ball
ok you can have the book and 2 hats and i get 1 hat and theball , deal ?
what are you looking at here ?
i'd like the book and 2 hats .
no deal
no deal
deal
i would like 3 books and 1 hat
i would like 2 books , 1 hat , 1 ball
i would like 2 books and 1 hat
i want the book , the hats and one ball
i need the book and the hats
how about you take everything and i take the book
i need the book
i cant make a deal unless i get that book
i need the book and a ball
same here (the book) cant make it work otherwise
hats have 0 value on my end
so do i
so click on no deal then
sorry i need both hats . you can have both balls and a book if youd like
no sorry . theyre worth nothing to me either
i wasn't being dishonest , but ok . deal
i'd like both balls and at least 1 hat . are the books of value to you ?
books are worth nothing to me . . . no chance you'll let go of just one of the hats and take the books ?
that seems unlikely . . . so despite your dishonesty ; let's go ahead and give you both hats and the books . i'll take both balls .
i need hats or no deal
ok , no deal
yup
correct
agreed
i would like the ball and both hats .
i guess no deal then . sorry , i can give you 1 hat only if i get the rest .
no deal .
no deal .
agreed . no deal .
hat and two balls
hat , one book and one ball for me ?
ok
i will need at least one ball .
i will need both books , in that case .
hi , i need 3 hats and 2 books
sorry , need 3 hats and 2 books
take the ball and a book
that`s low for me
well how about i take 3 hats , one ball and one book
can i at least get one hat ?
i need the ball and a hat or a book
two books at least
same here . i cant think of any better offer
thats a worse deal
sure thing
my two books for one ball
greetings ! i the great shamrock power ranger come to request of you one ball and one book , so i can set off in my ventures to save the world !
i would be willing to give all three books to you , however in exchange for the hat .
very well . .
alright i will take 2 books and the hat then .
nope i need the hat for sure .
you can have all the hats if i get the book and balls
deal
i want the hats and balls you can have the book
give up one ball and we have a deal
you can have the books
sorry i cant give you both i would be too low of points i can give you only the hat if i can have the books and the ball otherwise i would like the hat and ball
i can give you a hat and a book but thats all i can give you otherwise i wont have enough point
sorry i cant do that i would need the 3 books or the hat
3 books is worth one hat so i need one or the other
okay deal you take 1 hat and 1 book and i take the rest
but i prefer the hat and ball - - - especially the hat
that doesn't work for me
the only possible deal that i can do is take the hat and 2 books then you get the ball and 2 books
no deal
i will agree to taking 1 hat and 1 book and you can have the rest . it sounds like a draw .
i'm going to waste this line so the system doesn't tell me i'm accepting to quickly
lol , i'll take 3 books , 1 ball ?
ok
i am fairskinned in the south . i need the hat . anything else is negotiable
deal
i want 1 ball and the books .
deal
i'd like the hat and at least 1 ball
i can do that deal . i'll take 1 hat and 1 ball , you can have the rest
i would like both books , you can have the two balls and two hats .
okay deal , nice
you may have the book and two balls , and i will keep the hat
that sounds like a great deal
you take the book , i will take the hat and the balls
you take the hat i take the rest ?
i would love the books and the ball
sounds good
there are 4 hats and 1 book ? ? ? ?
no the numbers next to them are how much they are worth . how many pictures are how many of the items
hi there ! i would like the hats , and you can have the rest .
deal
i need the book and hat
i must have the book , so for me the book and 2 balls
ok
can i have the book , hat , and 1 ball
i can't do that . i can give you the hat but then i need the book and 3 balls
i can give you the book but then i need the hat and 3 balls
i'd like the ball .
hmmm . . . . how about i take the ball and we divide the hats ?
yes , but not much . how about you take the hats . i'll take the ball and books .
agreed . thank you !
how much would you like it ? cuz i would , too . and the hats .
i don't need any books at all . like , they bring no value for me . so i'm working on the hats and the ball . do you get anything from the books ?
that'll be good enough . thank you for your cooperation !
i could really use the book though
then i want the hats
no i need at least 1 hat and both balls
if i can have the book and the hats you can have the balls
i need the book or i can not make a deal
you can have the hats if i can have the rest
you can have one hat and the balls
i would like the balls - you can have everything else .
deal . thank you .
you can have three hats if i can have everything else .
deal
you take the books , i take the hats and the ball
i need the hats and both books if you take the ball
i'll take the ball and give you the hats and one book .
deal i'll take the ball and give you rest .
deal .
i would like 2 hats and the ball . you can have 3 books .
great ! have a great night !
i will give all the books for the ball
only if i get the hat also
i'd like hat and 1 book .
that's the only deal i can offer . balls are 0 for me .
you have to have books . i have 4 books . maybe the books are 0 in value for you ?
oh i get what you're saying . so much is the hat to you ?
so the ball is 8 and the hat is 2 ? then why don't you just take the ball ?
you can't we have to have the same thing just of different value . i have 1 hat and 1 ball so you have to have 1 hat and 1 ball .
there is only 1 hat . we have the same number of items , they just have a different value . the number of pictures you see is the number of items there are . there is only 1 picture of a hat , thus there is only 1 hat .
hat to me , 3 balls you you with book
deal
deal
i want the ball and the hat . you can have all the books . i know you love reading .
no i need one hat and two books
can i have the hat and one book ?
okay ill just take the hat
can i have everything
cant giv eyou the books they are worth too much to lose
no sorry books worth too much for me to lose no deal unless i get the 2 books and 1 other item
fine deal
ok . i will give you three books .
i will give all the books in exchange for the hat and both balls .
okay .
i will give you one hat !
i will give you one hat and one ball
deal
i would like the hat and 2 balls
deal
sorry , i need the book but you can have all the hats and the balls .
i would like the balls and the book .
i agree to that .
would you trade a hat for one ?
ok , that works .
i need some balls
i will give you both hats and a book if i can have balls
thanka
i want a basketball and either two books or a book and hat .
i know for sure that i want the basketball .
would you settle for the book and three hats ?
want a hat ?
i only have one basketball , 4 hats & 1 book
ok i want another book
sure
you can have 3 balls
i need the book and two balls
i really don't have another offer without just matching . . . . so i'll take three balls , you get the rest
i will give you the hat and the 2 books .
i will give you 2 of those lebron james signed balls if i can keep the hat . you can sill have the books .
sounds good .
hmm . . . dunno . . . heard these balls were signed by lebron jordan
alright i tell you wait , i don't really play basketball , so i'll let you have them . . i'll just take the rest of the junk off your hands . .
that is a bit much . i need the ball and 1 book
not sure what you mean , i can also do 3 books and you could have the rest
is this your first one of these
ok you see the items , then how much they are worth under value , our values are different you try to get the most out of 10 points
yes i get 3 books and you get 2 hats and the ball , how many points is that for you
hey i want the ball . . 2 books + 1 hat
hmmm how do you decide what you need except for points ? 2 hats 3 books for 1 ball
so 3 books for the ball ?
yes . . it is a little different
ok thanks ! so will you take 3 books ? for the rest ?
ill take the book and balls you can have the hats .
how about if you take the hats and 1 ball and i take a ball and the book the hats have no value to me .
ok you can have the book ill take the rest .
i really need the book , you can have the rest
the only thing that has value to me is the book
deal , thanks
you can have the basketballs and i'll take the rest .
great .
ok
if i can have the book and the hats you can have all of the balls .
okay you can have the hats if i can have the book and all of the balls .
okay that works . you can have both hats and one ball .
i cannot give up the hat because they are very valuable to me
i will need both hats and at least one ball
gimme balls , you have rest
can i have 1 of each please ?
deal
you can have all the balls . i need 2 hats and the book
no . you get 3 balls
i want the balls and book
really could use a hat for my grandma , so the balls and a hat for me ?
ok deal
i would need 1 hat
the ball isn't worth anything for me
yes
i would like the hats and the ball .
how about you take the ball instead ?
ok , so i get two hats and the ball and you get the rest ?
deal .
you can have all the hats if i have the balls and book
please mark accordingly , thanks for the deal
i'd love to have all the hats .
ok
i'm not athletic you i don' need the ball , but i will take the books and a hat
i need both of the books . you can have the ball and both hats though .
you can have both hats if i can have a book
ok deal , thanks
deal .
if i can have the books you can have everything else
great ! thank you !
i don't like wearing hats , so you can have all of those ! i will just take the book and ball
i would like 1 ball and 1 book , you could take all of the hats ?
deal .
i'll give you the two books if i can have the two hats and the ball .
i would like the 2 books
yes that sounds like a deal
you can have the books , i need the hat and balls
i would like the books and the hat .
deal .
i would like the book and 2 hats .
i will give you the hats if i can have the rest
i'll take the book and 2 hats .
ball has no value need the book .
i can live with no deal
no deal button still grey for me
mind as well ask what your book value is .
you take the hats , i take the book and the ball
i need the book , you can have the rest
i cannot make a deal without the book
no deal
keep typing it will light up
9
i would prefer the ball with the books
nope , the ball and a book for me and the hats and a book for you .
give me ball and both hat
ok , ball and both books to me
ok
so two hats and a book for me ?
i can live with that .
i'd love to have the balls and 1 book .
yes .
how important are the books to you ?
could you get by with just the ball ?
okay you take the ball i'll take the rest
i need a ball and a book . . . . you can have everything else
guess we will find out
how about i have the book , 1 hat , and 1 ball . you get everything else ?
ok , you can have the hats . i'll take the book and balls ?
well you can have the balls because they're not worth anything for me but i would like the book and 1 hat . or conversely all the hats and you can have the book
sounds good to me
i need all three books and i'd like a ball . would you be willing to take the hat ?
alright , you can have the hat , and the ball . i will take three books .
i keep the hat and either 2 books or the ball
i can give you the books but i need the hat and balls
can i please have 3 books and 1 hat ?
i'll take that deal and take all 3 books and you get the rest .
i would like the ball .
i would like the ball and you can have the rest
that will not work . are the balls very important to you ?
ok , may i take the books and give you everything else ?
give me one book and take everything else . final offer .
i'd like 2 books and 1 hat . you can have the balls .
they're all important , but if you need the hat , i can take the balls in exchange .
sorry , that doesn't work . i need the books , and at least 1 hat . or the books and the 2 balls .
deal !
how about i take the book and hats .
you can have all 3 balls , but can i have a hat and book .
yes
can i have 2 balls and the book .
that does not seem fair to me if i got two balls and the book id have a decent value .
okay so i get 3 balls and a hat and you get 1 hat and the book ?
that works ill take 3 balls and 1 hat .
i need the books as well . can i have two books and the hats ?
no deal .
okay thank you !
i would like the ball and 2 books
you can have 1 book and the hats
ok , you can have 2 books and the hats
i need the book and the balls
great
if you take the book i take everything else
i would like the book and the hats
ok and i will take the book and 2 hats
i would like 2 balls and book
how about i have 2 balls and 1 hat ?
i want the book and 1 ball
someone has to take the short end of the deal . . . ok .
sorry , i need the book and hats . youre welcome to have all the balls
i would like the hat and all the balls .
you can have the hat .
i need the book and the hat
you can have the balls , but i need the hat or no deal
deal
all i want is the hat you can have the rest
you can have the book , but i need the hats .
if i give up the a hat , i would need the ball . so i would need 2 hats and 1 ball .
i would like the book and 2 hats
i would at least need one of each then
deal
can i have the ball , 1 hat and 1 book ?
deal .
ok , so 2 balls and a hat for me ?
deal
i'll take the books . you can have the rest .
yes .
i don't know . it is a fine hat .
i guess i don't need the hat . i will take the rest .
i'd like the hat , the rest to you
that's what i thought , but the books are very interesting reads
deal
i can't give up my balls
sorry that won't work . i can give up the hats and books
no deal
sorry bro
i did
if i can take the balls and the hats you can have the books .
can we split them . i can take one and the hats and you can have one and the books ?
then i can not make a deal . i need the balls as well
okay no deal .
please click your button .
everything
no . i want the books and hats
give three items and i'll call it even
what would you like
you take all book and i keep the rest
no can do
2 books and one hat
i will take the book and 1 hat please
okay deal
deal i take rest
i'd like balls . you can have the rest .
or i can do two balls and 1 book .
do you need all 3 ?
you can have the balls , i'll take book and 2 hats
awesome deal
i'd like to have the book , you can keep everything else .
deal !
i would love the hat ; you can have the rest
the book and a hat
no , i want the book
ok
what would you like
howa about you get three hats
and i get the rest then
ok
any chance i can get the ball as well
nope cant do that
i dont want the books i want the hats and ball
fine you can have the ball ill take the hats
i'll take books and balls if you want the hats
i can give you the ball but then i need all the books and hats
i can do the ball and three hats if you can do the books
i need the ball if not , i drop below 5 / 10
hi i would like the hat and balls and you can have the books
sorry i cant make a deal without the hat
yeah looks like we wont be making a deal
no deal
no deal
i'd like a hat and a ball
okay
hello , how about you get the books and i can the ball and hats ?
hah , yeah i hear ya . the system is pretty ridiculous . even if it's obviously a good deal right away they want us to waste more of our time .
ok , the ball is most important anyway . i'll take 1 ball and 1 hat .
i don't want to agree to quickly because the system keeps warning me
are the hats worth much to you , can i have 3 books 1 hat ?
ok
you can have the hats if i can have the balls and book
the hats are of no value to me . i would need the book and one ball
perfect . thanks
i can't do that , how about 3 hats and 1 ball ?
i meant for me , so basically , what you said : )
i can offer the ball
i can offer the ball and the hat
i ; d take the ball and the books
i can offer the balls
i can't give the hat , what else would work for you ?
i want three hats and the book .
ok , i can live without it .
can i have the book ?
ok , so book and ball ?
if i can have the ball and the hat you can have the books
i can not make a deal without the ball and the hat
no i need both the hat and the ball
okay then we can not reach a deal . no deal . i'm sorry .
no deal .
nope , i need the hat and at least 2 books
you take the ball and 1 book
i need the hat and 2 books
yep , no deal
yep
i will give you 4 books for 1 hat and 1 ball
sounds good !
ok , deal
i need the hat and the books .
ok , deal
i can offer 2 hats and the book
you take the books and ill take the rest
ill take the hat and 1 ball
deal
no deal
okay fine deal
you take the hat and 2 books , i take the balls and 2 books
i can't
can i have one more of your objects ?
ok , i agree to your first offer .
i don't want any basketballs . i'd like the hat and books .
no , they're not worth anything on my end . are the books of any value to you ?
fine i'll take your deal .
good afternoon ! can i take the hat and 2 basketballs , and you take the books and 1 basketball ?
i'm sorry , but i need the hat . you don't want any basketballs at all ?
no they aren't . the basketballs aren't worth much to me , either .
okay , so i'll take the hat and 2 basketballs , and you can take 1 basketball and 2 books . thanks , friend !
i'd like the ball , i wouldn't mind the books as well - are the hats of value to you ?
deal
i only want hats . you can have everything else .
same . i can do 1 hat and all the books or 1 hat , 2 books and 1 ball or just the 2 hats .
i guess we're at an impase then . i don't deal for less than 6 and those are the only combinations that get me that .
i completely understand . i have to have at least 1 hat though . we'll have to no deal .
: - )
yep .
i need hats soooo bad ! what do you need ?
the way it breaks down on my end , i need both hats or i can't make a deal . i don't need anything else .
one hat gets me 5 .
okay , agree to no deal !
i think we have to keep going for a bit til that option comes up , right ?
in exchange for what ?
ok that sounds like a good deal
i'd like books .
you can have everything else .
hi ! so i need some cowboy hats
sure that sounds like a deal
can i have the book and ball , you get all the hats ?
great .
would you like the balls and book if i can have the hat ?
deal .
i'll need the hat . you can have the book and one ball .
you can have the book and two balls . i'll keep one ball and the hat .
gimme book and hat
gimme 2 balls with book
deal
you can have all the books and hats if i can have 2 balls .
awesome .
if i can have the hats and one ball you can have the books and one ball
okay you can have the balls if i can have everything else
hi
nothing holds any value to me but the balls .
okay . a hat and two books .
absolutely not . two books and a ball work though .
would you be willing to do a ball instead of the hats ?
okay , you can have the books and a ball . i get 2 hats and a ball
you can have the books ill take the hat and the ball
i need the hat and the ball to get 10 / 10
losing the hat will give me 2 / 10
yup impossible unless one person gets low points glad you understand
. . . . really i didnt know that
i'll take a hat and two books and you can have the rest if that works for you
i need the hat and at least 1 book to make 6 / 10
losing the hat gives me 4 / 10 . . . . the balls are zero points for me
guess we cant make this deal work on either side =(
click on no deal then . . . . .
i'd like a book and one ball please
if you need the book , i need the rest
deal
i need the book . i'd take it and the hat .
ok . i'll take the book . you can have the rest .
how about you take all the books ?
i meant all the hats
ok but got to type more 1 st
i'd like the book .
no can do . book is 8 points for me . i have to have it . you can have everything else .
is there a way i can keep the ball ?
okay , but i keep all the books then , deal ?
fine , i'll just take 3 books .
ill take 1 ball 1 hat and 1 book
no sorry
no
okay deal
no deal
i need the hat and one book
deal
how about you get three books
and one ball
no deal , i need the aht and you can get the rest
hey there . i'd like the books and the hats in exchange for the balls .
my offer is firm based on the point distribution . going for the best deal for the both of us .
i'll then take the three balls and book in exchange for 1 hat if the hat's are of value to you .
appears our point distirbution is different . i will concede ; i get 1 book , 1 hat . . you get 3 balls , and 1 hat ?
how about i have one of the hats and all the balls .
i get three points total with just balls . how is that fair ?
i was trying to compromise and give you part of something you seemed to want . seriously , 1 hat and 3 balls gives me 5 points .
i need the book and would like the hats as well
i can do that
i will give you the book and one hat
deal
i want the hats and one ball
deal
ill give you the hats
that works for me
i was really hoping for the balls and the hat .
ok i can give you one hat but i want the rest .
yes . that's a deal .
i can offer you 1 book and the 2 balls . i would like the hat and a book .
i am really firm on the hat . the balls are fine with me . i would also like 1 book it possible .
i guess that works for me . to recap , i get the hat , the rest is yours , correct ?
would you accept all 3 books and the hat ?
i will split the basketballs with you and give you a hat and a book .
then we don't do a deal . good day .
no , i want both basketballs and at least 1 hat / book
i won't do a deal unless i get both basketballs
hey its up to you pal
ill take 2 hats , you can have the rest
i need both
i want everything
how about one hat ?
okay you can have both
can you give me all the hats and the ball ?
i'll give you 2 hats and 1 ball
i like hats .
throw in the ball and we have a deal !
great !
if i can have all of the books , you can have the hats .
deal
can i have the balls and the book ?
no deal then , i need the book too
the hat is useless to me
i'd like hat and 1 ball .
deal .
i can give you both balls if i get everything else .
thanks but i also need the hat .
i can agree to that .
you can have the books .
how about you get the hat and one book ?
i need the ball .
that works for me .
can i take the rest
i can give you a ball and book
i can give you both books and 2 balls but i really need both hats
no deal . i need 2 hats and a book or 2 books and a hat .
deal .
i need one book and one ball for this to work
sounds fair to me
okay you can have one ball and one book and i will take the rest
thank you !
okay that is fine . thank you !
i need the hat you can have the rest
sounds good
the book and ball for me
counter ?
how about you take everything but the book
no deal .
a book , a ball and three hats
deal !
that would work if needed but really rather give you 3 balls and i take hats and book
ok deal
i'll take a book and two balls if thst's cool
i need the book to make it work
i would like two hats , two books , and one basketball
that doesnt work for me
i'll take one ball , the book , and one hat , you can have the rest .
i have to have one ball . i can take one ball and the book , and you can have all the hats and the other ball .
i need the balls and 2 hats
i need both balls , you can have the rest
okay
i need ball and a hat
ball has my name written on it
the line has been drawn , we are at an impass
i want the ball and books
the ball is my sine quo non . but i can give you the hats and one book
i'm not giving the ball up
and we're not going to resolve it
leaving me with only a book ? no thanks . i want the ball and 2 hats .
i can give you 1 hat and 2 books .
i want the hats and a ball and book
i want two hats and thats it
hey there ! i take all the books and you get the hat and the ball ?
that sounds great to me ! thank you !
i can give you both balls
no i want the hat and the books
okay you take the 2 balls then i get the hat and the 3 books
eh , how about i give you two books and a hat in exchange for two balls
ok deal
hello there . i'd like to keep the books and the hat - you keep the basketballs ?
the balls are of no value to me so there's no use fighting for them . . . i'll accept your offer . i'll take 1 hat , 1 book ; you get the rest .
that won't work for me , i also need at least 1 book
ok , deal !
you can have the balls but i need the hat .
how about one book for each of us ?
great ! 1 book , 1 hat for me . 1 book , 3 balls for you .
i would love the hat and the balls
ok you can have the hat and i get the balls if i can have the books to
deal
i need ball or no deal
i would like the books and the ball .
ok , just give me the books and you can have the rest .
you can have balls if i can have the rest
no . you can only have ball if i can have all books and all hats .
bad deal for me , they didn't give me a lot to work with .
no deal .
1 ball for you . 3 books and 1 hat for me .
no deal .
gimme ballz
gimme a book with the ball
bad deal for me then . . . why so mean ?
one of each for me , 2 books for u
oh noes . gimme ball and a book
gimme ball and book
i found a stale french fry . . . . i'll throw that in the pot . you good with that ?
gonna need two hats and atleast 1 ball , you can gave the book
deal .
i can give you two hats and the book if i get the balls ?
i can do one hat and two balls ?
thanks
yeah ok
i just want the hat . the rest is yours !
i would like that but i can't , i need all books and one hat and one ball
ok both hats and one ball
yes
i'd like both hats and 2 books please ?
that doesn't work for me . i need both hats and at least 1 book .
confirming that i'm taking 2 hats and 1 book not the ball ?
i will take all the balls and give you the book
you get the book and i get the balls
i keep my hat
ok i will take all the balls and give you 1 hat and 1 book deal ?
if i can have the hat and the book you can have the balls
okay so you get all of the balls and i get the book and the hat ?
who gets the hat ?
i can't accept that deal . i need the hat and the book and you can have the balls
okay deal . thank you !
i have always wanted a ball just like that . you can have the hat and a book
the only way i could get over losing that ball is if i got to read my 4 books while wearing my new hat
you can have all of the books if i can have the hat and the ball .
it truly is a fantastic ball and i do not want to give it up .
i really can't justify denying you the new hat and books . so i will take the ball and you take the rest ?
i just need one book and one ball .
ok . happy st . patrick's day .
i would like both books
i really would like to keep both books and a hat
thanks ! deal
i need the hat and the balls . . . . if i can have that you can have the books
okay thank you !
i'm mainly interested in the books and a ball , what are you looking for ?
hm . . . i guess we can make that deal
how about i get the ball and the hat ?
how about the hat and two books ?
that's a deal .
what if get the ball and two books ?
what if i get the hat and the books ?
what if i take all of the books and you get the rest ?
deal
i'd love to have the ball and the hat
can i have the ball and one book ? you get two books and the hat
well i wish we could split it but i dont think we can . but if you want the hat and books that is ok
yes
if i give u the ball , then i need the books and hat
i can do 2 books and share one with you
i get 3 books ?
ok deal
i'd like the book , the rest to you
the others are worthless to me , i have to have the book
ok , no deal , sorry
thank you
me too !
i dont think that works for me . how about i get the book and 2 balls and you can have the hat and 1 ball
sorry , no deal then
ok
just waiting for the button
yep
i need the hat and ball , you can have all the books
books have no value for me on this side
that doesn not change the value of the books for me , . . . . they are still at zero
take the ball and books
i'd like one of each item . i can let you keep the other two books .
they're not very good books , so that won't work . i can let you have the hat and a book .
you can have the hat or the ball , your choice . i get the other and the books .
yes , but they alone are worth so little to me . there is no way i can give you both hat and ball .
no i need the book and 2 hats . you can have the ball and 1 hat .
then i will take the book and all the hats . you can have the ball .
that doesn't work for me . i need the book for sure .
alright no deal .
can i have the book and the ball you keep all the hats ?
that doesn't work for me . hats hold 0 value to me .
not sure how that seems fair to anyone . i'll take the ball and the book you keep the hats .
alright , no deal .
i need the books and you ahve the rest
sounds good
deal .
hi , i need one of each
how about i`ll tkae the book and the ball . and you can have 3 hats
ok , i`ll take the ball and 2 hats . you can have the book and the hat
can't do that . i am willing to give up two hats and a ball . but i need the book and at least one hat .
i cannot give the book up . it's not something i can do . i need the book and at least one hat . and even then i'd be taking a bit of a loss .
agreed , thank you
can i have the balls and either a hat or book ?
there's never going to be such a deal . then what are you leaving me with ?
that sounds good but i'll need a ball too
then take two balls and leave me the rest
then no deal
sounds good . deal
can i have 3 hats and you take the rest
that seems reasonable . deal .
you get balls and 1 book
i would like 3 of the balls and 1 hat
ok deal
i want the book and both hats
ok , if i can get one ball too
you can have both balls if i can have everything else
how about you get the book
one hat
never
deal
deal , thanks
if i can have the books and the ball you can have the hats
thank you !
can i just have two books ?
ok , i want the balls then
no
no , books are mine or no deal
nah changed my mind
two books for me , the rest for you .
a book and two balls for me then ?
i would like the balls and a book .
i can let one book go , but not both .
are you interested in the hat at all ?
ok . how about you take two balls . i take two books and the hat ?
i thought you wanted the balls now ?
well , you offer me something then . can't read your mind . especially if you keep changing it .
i can do that .
uh . no . per your previous response . two books for you . the rest for me .
gimme the hat and books
i need hat or no deal
agreed
1 hat 2 balls for m
1 ball 1 hat 2 books for me
no deal
i need the hats and balls
deal
books and 1 hat for me
i need the ball and the hats
okay
okay i'll take 3 books
may i have the ball please and a hat ?
that won't work
you can have the books but i need the ball
me too .
ok
i can not give up the ball . if you would like the hats , i can take everything else
i can not make a deal without the ball and one book
i need the ball or i can not make a deal . it is worth too much to me
okay no deal .
no deal .
i would like the 2 hats and the ball
if i give you the ball can i have both hats and both books ?
ok i will take both hats and 1 book
i need the ball as well , so you will have to give me just about everything if you keep that .
how about i get the ball and one book ?
you can have the ball and one hat
i need the ball and 2 hats
deal
can i have the hat and one book ?
deal
yes , , , both balls and a book for me then
i'll take 2 books and a ball if thst's ok
one of each ?
i really need the second book . . . . the hats are 0 on my end
i need one ball to make it 6 / 10
same here
give me the books and hat
deal
i would like the ball and book . you can have the 3 hats .
no , sorry . i really need the book .
i suppose it'll be a no deal then .
no i really need the book and ball .
thanks
i'd prefer just the book and you can have everything else
yeah , i do too . it's literally the only thing of value on my side
for the sake of us not both getting screwed you can take the book and i'll take the rest
sure , pay it forward . deal
i need the hat , you can have the rest
i'm not athletic you i don't need the balls , but i will take the book and the hat and you can have all the balls
that's fine . deal .
yes . . . if i can get the rest
can i get all of the balls ?
okay , you have a deal .
i want the books and ball
the books and the hats for me ?
ok
i can't give those up . do you want the hats ?
how about the hats for you . ball for me and we split the books .
great . deal !
i need book , you take rest
so book for me then
but my learninz ?
i take book , you take rest , along with this coupon for a free large fry at mcdonalds
but i'z dontz know hows to play da bball . i need da book to learnz
yes , it appeared
i need the book and 2 hats .
i must have the book . you take the rest .
no book for you .
no book for you . i take the book . you take the rest .
no , i take the book . you take the hats and go play basketball .
no deal .
you tke the books nd i'll take hat and balls ?
deal .
i can not make that deal . you can have the balls but , i need the books and the hat
okay great . thank you !
i want the balls and a book
ok deal
i can not give up the book . would you be willing to make another deal ?
would you be willing to give up the book at all ?
i would only like the book
well , how about that then
sounds good to me . deal .
i need both balls you can have the rest
great
i would like the books and the hat , you can have all the balls .
you can have all the balls , i want the books and the hat .
the least i can go is 1 hat and 1 book for me , the balls have no value .
yes , deal
can i at least get 1 ball ?
oh no - i am sorry i read that wrong . i will need either both books or 1 book and the hat and 1 ball .
okay so i get 1 book and the balls and then we are a deal correct ?
i want the hat and the two books
then you take the had and i get the rest
deal
i just want two books
thx
how about 2 balls and one book ?
how amny of the other things do you want ?
just to be clear . . you want 1 book and 2 hats ? and i get 3 balls in exchange ?
ok you have a deal !
i can offer you two balls
how about i give you all the balls for everything else ?
i want the book and both hats .
yes
i would like the hat and two balls
ok . i will take the balls , and one book . you can have the hat and one book .
you can have the balls if i get the hat and a book
thanks , i want the ball and at least one hat ?
ok
if i can have the book and the hats you can have the balls
you can have the balls but , i would need the rest
thank you .
i want one of each .
i have to have the book .
that's not good .
ok you take the book . i take the rest .
no way .
i want book and ball
same
no deals
gimme book and a hat
no deal
ok
hi there ! id like the balls and book , and you can have the rest
i'll take the ball and 2 hats if tht good with you
i'll take the ball , you take everything else
no deal . i need 2 hats and the ball or just 3 hats .
if i can have the hat and the balls you can have the book
if i can get a hat too
how about 1 hat and one ball
i would like one hat and two balls if possible . yes only 1 hat
how about you get two balls
thats not fair
ok so you get one hat only
ok
hello . . . . . i'l take the book and hats and you can have the balls , cool ?
you just want two balls ?
i need a hat and a book . . . . balls have 0 points on my end
hi !
how about i give you a ball
no will give you two balls i want one hat and one book
alright will take the balls .
if i can have the book and the hats you can have the balls
i can't make that deal . if i can have the book and one hat you can have the rest
okay thank you
how about i take the book and two balls ?
i suppose i'll concede and take that deal .
i will take the book and hat you take the basketballs
yes that is a deal
can i get the balls and one hat
awesome
i only need hats . so deal .
hey there ! i'd like the ball and the books in exchange for the hats ?
can i have the basketball and the hat ?
okay , i will take the basketball and the hat , and you can have the 3 books . thank you .
i will take the books and the hat you can have the basketball
sure that sounds like a great deal
i want the ball and hat .
ok
yes if i can have the rest
deal
hello , can i have the books ?
sounds like a good deal : )
book is only thing of value to me
i would like the book and 2 balls please
ok . you take the book , and i will take everything else ?
sweet . deal
i just need the book and you can keep everything else
i need the balls and one hat . . . book and hat to you . . . . agree and we're done
cool . . . deal
i need the book and the hats
i can do that
ok about three books ?
would you like the ball ?
i'd like the hat .
just the hate .
i'd need the hat to make the deal and i'd like either 2 books or 2 balls ; up to you .
then i'll have to take everything else .
i have to have the hat or no deal
sounds good
sure
can i have a book and all the hats ?
i will let you have the balls and the books if i can have the hat
wait , on the books - do you want one or both ?
ok , deal !
i'd like 2 balls and 1 hat please .
deal . i'm taking 2 balls and 1 books .
sorry , i meant 2 books
thanks !
done
i would like the hat and the ball .
i would like the ball and two hats
that sounds good to me
you take the ball and the hat and i take the books
sounds great
i'll give 1 hat and 1 book
i would like the ball and two hats .
ok , my counteroffer is the ball and one hat , final offer .
okay that is fine
i'd like hats . you can have rest .
i would like both books and both hats .
sorry i can't give up any books on my side .
deal .
i'd take the ball and one book .
ok . i'll take the ball and two hats .
i would love the two balls and you can have the rest
i guess i'll take 1 ball and you can have the rest
one ball a piece , and two books for me
what would you like
i need the book you can have the rest
i cant give up the book .
no deal
correct
give me one ball and book and you can take the rest
i'd like the balls and hats
ok
you can have the book , only if i get 2 balls and 2 hats
ok
hey there , i'd like the book and 2 cats , you get 2 balls and 1 hat ? thoughts ?
oh fine , that's fair enough .
i'd like the ball and a hat , rest is yours .
i'd like 1 of each , please .
deal
can i have one ball
deal
okie dokie
i would like both hats and the ball
i need the ball , but you can have the rest
can you give up just 1 hat ? i would like the ball and 2 hats .
so ball and 1 hat for me ?
i would like all the hats
i can do that .
how about the hat and one ball ?
a little , 2 points each
deal
hi . i would prefer to have the hat and two balls .
are the books of any value to you ?
ok . i will give you both books and one ball if i may have one ball and the hat .
any chance you'll take all the hats and leave me the book and the ball ?
how about just leaving me the ball ; you can have everything else ? hats are 0 to me , so they're free ! : )
i'd like 1 of each
nope
ok i take book and hats
deal .
i just want the hat please
you can have the balls but , i need the hats and the book
thank you !
i would like the balls and the book .
deal .
i would like all the hats , it is very sunny here
if i can have all the hats you can have the book and ball for your adventures
it's kinda sunny here , too . but , as a part time power ranger , i do fancy the ball and book .
if i can have the ball you can have the rest .
sure , that's fine .
i need 2 books , 1 hat and 1 balls please
you can have 1 hat and 1 book , i get the rest
can i have a ball and two hats ?
books are 0 for me ball is only 4 for me and hats 1 , i'm trying to have atleast 6 here =x
how about the ball and 1 hat ? books and hats are only worth 1 for me
i'll take the books , you can have the rest .
deal
you can have the hats , but i need that ball .
i need the ball or i can't make the deal . its the only thing worth anything for me .
out of curiosity , how much is each item worth on your end ?
yeah , but everything else is worth zero . kind of an odd way to set up the hit , if you ask me .
i wonder how long that's going to take . i didn't see anything in the instructions about it .
i would like the ball and the hats please .
i've got to have the ball and 1 other item at least or i can't makea deal
ok so we'll just have to say no deal .
i would only get 4 points if i gave you the ball . is the ball worth 10 foryou ?
i guess . but we're obviously won't come to an agreement then so we have to keep talking until the no deal button comes up
i cant accept that . how about i get the hat and 1 ball and you can have the book and 2 balls ?
yes i can do that
if i can have the balls and the hat you can have the book
i can't accept that . would you be willing to accept if i get the balls and the book and you can have the hat ?
okay great ! thank you !
no deal i can give you two books
fine ill give you 1 book
how baout you get no books no hats and no balls
that isnt nice how about 1 book for you ?
no deal how about you get 2 books and i get everything else
no deal
i can give you two books and a hat
i need more than just two books
how about i get one book one hat and one ball
that isn't nice . how about two books and two hats for you ?
how about i get one ball and one book and you get everything else ?
i don't think we are going to come to an agreement
i'll take the hat . you can have the rest .
deal
three balls and two books for me
ok deal
im thinking hat and 3 balls for me , , , 2 books and 1 ball for you
lets split the balls . . . so 2 balls each , i take the hats , you the books
fine with me .
i would love the ball and two books
i need both books
there is nothing else in there worth anything to me
yes
yes
do you have the same numbers
ok we each get 1 book . i will take 2 balls and you take the rest ? ?
are they five each ?
so they re five each ,
and all the others are zero ?
so we have a problem
yes
ok i guess
can i have 2 hats and 2 balls ?
you must really love balls haha . okay , i can make that deal .
i seriously need my balls . you can have the hats if i get to keep my balls and my book
deal . you get all 3 hats
i'll take the ball and 2 of the books .
you sure ?
deal
pretty sure
hey i really want the book and hat
i need the hat and 2 balls . so how about the book and 1 ball for you ?
i need the book and 2 balls
hmmmm . deal
if i can have the ball and the hat you can have the books
i can not give up the hat . if you are getting all of the books i need the hat and the ball
okay thank you !
can i please have the books and the hat ? definitely the books , but i'd also really like the hat .
okay , i understand . i'll take all books , you take the rest .
sorry , i need the hats . you can have 2 balls and one book
book , 2 hats and a ball for me
i'd like the hats . you can have the rest .
that leaves me with 3 points on my end . so no . what about you get 2 hats and i'll take the rest ? that gives me 6 points . not sure what that is on your end .
how about i get books 1 hat 1 ball ?
i need books , so i guess i can live with your first offer - you take 3 hats and i'll take the rest
you can have the hats but , i would need the balls and the books
can i have 2 hats and 1 ball
hi ! i'm a big reader , so i would love to get the book , please . i'll give you two hats for it .
sounds tempting , but my heart is set on that book , too . if i get the book , you can have the basketball and one hat .
okay . you can have the book . i will get the three hats and the basketball . deal ?
i will take the books and the basketball you can have the 2 hats
i need the books and at one other item you chose
deal
i would need the hats and ball of you take the books
i'll take the ball and a hat
ill take the books but would like the balls as well
ok deal
i can cede the books but would like to keep the hats and balls
i can cede the books and one ball but i need 1 ball and both hats
yes
you can have the two balls and 1 hat ? i can have the books and 1 hat ?
give me book and all balls
book and 3 balls to me
i need book and 2 hats , or no deal
deal
no deal , my hats are only worth 1 ! i need everything if you get the book .
no deal . if you get all the balls , i want the book and hats
you can have the book and 1 hat or no deal . im not taking only 4 points
ok
6
it really is . this game is weird . in my last deal i got 8 and it told me to try harder because my partner did much better .
ok you take all books and one hat and i keep the balls
how much is that for you
deal , but i don't believe you
ok then deal , and good luck
just one book ?
okay deal .
i would like the book
2 books
i'd like the book and balls .
you can have the hats , if i can have the book and balls .
i can't do the book . sorry . how about i take the book and you take everything else ?
can't do the book . that's the only thing i have of value .
sorry .
not possible . i need the book and 2 hats
not a good deal for me . i have to have the book and one other item
i can't do that , i need the book or no deal
me too , no deal then
no problem
i'd like the hat and the ball ; you can keep all 4 books .
that sounds great
i will give you all hats and a book , if i can have all of the basketballs .
okay .
i want hats and book
deal
hey , can i have the two books ?
ok that works
i'll tell you what . i will give you both balls , and one book . but i need the hat and one book .
ok great .
i want the book and ball , or three of the hats and a book
best i can do is the book and two hats
yes
ho wabout you get one book
no deal
you are saying you want one book and two hats ?
deal
you can have the ball if i can have everything else
okay you can have one hat as well .
i would like the ball , and one hat if possible
you would not share one hat or one book atleast ?
thank you i get hot in the sun the hat helps shade me !
i would like both hats please if possible
if i can have both hats i will give you the other items
how about i give you both hats but i then get the rest
i want the ball and the hat , you can have the books .
agreed , you take the 4 books and i take ball and hat .
ill take four books deal
not really . i need the book and hat . . if i give up either , i'd need all four balls .
no can do . i need the hat and book . if i give up either , i need all four balls .
no deal
as is mine .
very well
would you be willing to give me the book and that hat and you get the 4 balls ?
im willing to give all 4 balls for the hat and book
no , i will give the book and 3 balls
thats my offer .
okay , i will keep just the hat and you can get everything else
i need hat and book
how much is hat to you ?
same , no deal ?
show yourself no deal button
i'd like a hat and a ball
the hat is my most valuable item , i'll need all the balls and book if i give that up
6
i guess not
deal
i'd like the ball . you can have the rest .
i just want the book
deal
ok , i want the rest then
no i need the hat the ball and 1 book
no that wont work , i need the hat and ball and 1 book , or hat and 3 books .
no deal
ok then
ok
i would like all the books and the hat .
you can have the ball , but i need the hat as well . how about i take the hat and 2 books ?
sorry that won't work for me either . i can only go as low as 1 hat and 2 books .
no problem . no deal .
ok .
ok .
i'd like 1 hat and 2 balls .
done !
hi , i need the book , but i can give you the hats if i can please have the 2 balls ?
not really since i'm not working with much . it's a 2 - 3 split so of course you say it's fair your way . however , i will take 1 book and ball .
hi , i would like two hats and preferably a book .
i could give you the book and one ball . that's more than fair .
i'll take hat and books if you want the balls
i need the hat and boks
guess we type till the no deal button comes up
cool
soon i hope
i need hat and balls
no deal
agree
yes
kazaam
i have to have the hat and at least 1 ball
no hat no deal
no deal
no deal
no deal
i want 2 books and a hat .
you can have the ball , but i need that hat as well .
same .
agree with no deal .
same .
hi i need hat and book you get 3 balls
balls are worthless to me
same as the book , 5
ok
no deal
you can have the book but i really need the hat . hat and a ball ?
what's the hat worth to you ?
yeah , i can't make that deal at all . going to have to call no deal on this trade
no deal
no deal
how about i get the book and two balls .
agreed .
deal .
no can do , i need the balls and the book or hats
i need 3 balls and 2 hats , you take the book
ok ill take 2 balls and the hats deal ?
hey there . i'd like the book and 2 balls . you get the hat and 1 ball ?
you get both hatss , 2 balls . i get 1 ball , 1 book .
that won't work for me . i will be well under in points . i tried to concede already by taking just 1 ball and 1 book ; that's the best i am willing to go in this situtuation . unless you want the book and the hats and give me all 3 balls .
deal
i want hats and a book
hats and ball to me
i want the books and ball
can i give you the ball for both books ?
ok
ok what would you like
how about side of fries with mustard and i need just ball and you keep the rest
ok
turkey on rye , slice of tomato . and the ball and all hats
deal , order up
i would like the hats and the ball .
ok , let me have the hats and take everything else .
i need three items for this to work .
deal
i'll take the 3 balls .
ok , i'll take the book , 2 balls and the hat . deal
ok , deal .
can i have one ball and you take the book and 2 balls ?
nah , i need the hat
you can have all of the hats . i need the ball and the 2 books
if i can have the hats and the ball you can have the books
that seems reasonable . thank you .
excellent
i would love the two balls
i'll take the book and hats if thats cool
not enuf points for me
i would need both hats to make it feasable
ok
how about you take the balls and give me the rest ?
how about you take one hat and the balls
my best offer is you get one hat and all the balls
i need the hat and the books
so i get the hat and 2 books ? that is a deal
deal
hello . what would you like ?
hmmm . . . you can have the hat if i can have one book'
yes
you can have the ball and 1 hat
you can have the 4 hats , if i get the rest
i need three hats and one ball
all 4 hats , no ball ?
ill take all 4 hats
i'll take the hat you can have the ball and books ?
ok
hi , i need one book and 2 balls
i won`t deal without the book sorry
no deal
no deal
no deal
hi
no because book is five points for le
so lets go to no deal
no deal
no deal
i need hats and books
lets split the hats then and i'll take the books
i really need the hats , and i'd like the balls too . you ?
the hats are 4 each for me , so i really can't make a deal without them . books are zero for me , so those are all yours for sure .
i will take the 3 books ?
deal
ok how about you take one book
forget about it
no deal
no deal
yes
you take the balls , i take the hats and the ball
i need the book and the hats or no deal
no deal
no deal
no deal
i would like the hat and both balls .
ok
i'd like the books and a ball , you get a ball and hats
i really just want the books , you can have your balls and the hats . deal ?
take my balls bro
deal
i'd like to have the two hats and book
not much for sports , balls don't do much for me .
alright , i'll take two hats and the two balls if they don't do a thing for you .
yes sir .
how about you can have the two hats and one ball , i keep the books and 1 ball . . . right down the middle .
well , they do not help me at all , so i'd prefer we meet down the middle somehow . do you propose anything different ?
and we're still going to roll with an uneven split . in that case , i'll take the books and a hat , then ?
i need the hat the ball and 2 book ?
i will take all 3 books ?
that will not work for me do better then that
for you or me ?
no that does not work
no deal
i'll take one of each
all thebooks
for me
no deal
i need a ball and 2 books
ball for you rest for me
hat
yes
i can't not make that deal . i need the ball or i can not make a deal
i need at least one other item as well
okay so i get the ball and the hat and you get the books ?
okay great !
can i get the hats and a ball also ?
i'll take book and balls if you want the hats
ok
ill give you all three books
deal
yea deal
hi
i wanna keep the hat as well . you can have the ball
so i got the hat and the books ?
okay that works for me . thank you !
i'd like the hat , you can have the rest
deal .
all i want is the hat you can have everything else
deal
could i take the hat and a book ?
hi i would like the hat and balls , you can have the books
ok , i can do that
i get the ball and 2 books
deal
i would like 1 ball and 2 hats
if i get the hats
that only leaves me with 3 points . what about i'll take the ball you can have the rest ?
still only 4 points . i'd agree to all books and hats . that puts me at 5 at least .
you can take the books if i can have the rest .
how about you take the books and one hat and i take the rest ?
it would be better for you to just take the ball then . i'll take the rest .
thats horrible for me . lets do i get 2 balls , you get the rest
hi ! you can have everything else if i can have all of the balls .
i can do that . thanks !
this is one of those matched high value ones , isn't it . . . ball's the one i need too
i'd like the balls and one hat .
yes . you take the book and both hats and i keep all of the balls .
can i have the book and both hats ?
i need you to give up one of those items and we have a deal
no i get 2 balls and 2 books
how about i get 2 balls and 1 hat 1 book
ok i will take 2 balls and 1 book
i'd like two hats and a book
okay , let's see . i'll get two books , one hat , and one basketball .
i can give you all the balls but i need one book
you have to either let go of the hat or the book . i'm okay giving you all of the balls .
okay deal
no small talk
so i get the ball and two hats ?
thank you
hello
i will trade you 2 hats for 2 books
i will give you 2 hats and a ball for 2 books
i needthe ball and the hat
deal
i'd like the hat and the books .
i will let you have all the hats if i can have the ball and the book
ok , that deal works for me
i'd like the ball and one hat
i'll let you have all the hats and the book if i can have the ball .
ok , deal
hi , i would like the book and hats and you can have the balls
sorry , cant make a deal without the book . i can offer you the balls and 1 hat
ok , no deal
i can give you both balls if i can have the rest ?
okay , thanks !
hello . i'd like to trade you for some basketballs
that's a deal .
hello , i would like the book and a basketball .
hi
i would like the book .
you may have all the balls . i only want the book . is that ok ?
ok
if i can have the hat and three balls you can have the book .
deal .
ok
you can have the balls , ill take the rest
okay
give me your balls and ill give you the hats and books
im going to need something else with both balls
okay
you can have both balls if i can have the books and hat
you can have one book
ill give you 1 hat
it does not i need the balla and the book
no we need the same thing no deal until no deal button comes on
sorry no deal for you
no deal
i need the balls you can have the hats and the book if that works for you
i need those as well . do you have another offer ?
no deal .
no deal
no deal .
ill take one ball a book and the hat
give me two balls and one book u got a deal
yes
no chance , you can have a ball and two books and i will have 2 balls and a hat
so i get 1 book , the hat and 1 ball
you take book and 2 hats . i'll take ball and 2 hats .
i'd like the book . you can have 2 hats .
ok , that works well .
give me the hat and books
i need hat at least , or no deals
deal
you can have the books but , i need the hat and the balls
if you take the hat i need everything else
i'll take all the hats .
i'll take 3 hats and the book .
what are you looking at here ?
can't do that . there's nothing else that'll work for you ?
that'd leave me at 5 / 10 , and i can't make a deal for that . don't think it's gonna work for us .
that is very true .
wait , what deal ?
i can not make that deal . i need the book and that hats and you can have all of the balls
you can have the book if i can have everything else
if i can have the book , one hat and the balls you can have the hat ?
if i can have one of each you can have the rest
i'd like the book one hat and one ball .
balls arnt doing much for me , that book though .
breaking my balls here , you can have the book and one hat ?
what ? no look im taking the balls . . .
i want the book , the hat and a ball
you can have all the balls , i get everything else
no , you can have the book and all the balls , not parting with the hat .
no way
no way let me have the hat and a ball and that will be 50 / 50
fair ennnough , deal
i need the hat and 2 balls
how about i take the hat and 1 ball you get the rest
ok deal
i need the hat and 2 books , you can have the balls and 1 book
i need the hat . you can have everything else
no
no
no
no deal
yep
gimme hat and ball
gimme hat and 2 books
gimme hat , ball and 3 books
no deals
yes
yup
i would like the hat and the balls .
deal .
you can have the hat and one ball if i have both books .
i'd like the hats , the rest to you
no i need both hats , nothing else has value to me
would you trade a hat for a ball ?
deal .
sure looks like we don't have that much inventory ! but i can give you the two balls !
i'll give you all of the balls , that should please you !
no i need the hats , it's pretty cold here ! but you seemed to only be interested in balls , so you can have all of those
that's fine .
i'd like to have 6 books and 6 balls .
i need 6 balls . though , not 2 . can you spare 6 ?
that would be great . could i have 2 hats , too ?
sorry it's so cold . you can keep the hats . so , we're agreed that i get all the books and all the balls and you get all the hats ?
thanks !
hi , i'll take the ball and 2 books
no i really like the ball
ok no deal
i don't know what to do if we don't agree
ok
hi ,
how about i keep the ball and you can have the rest ?
no deal then
ok
we go back and forth until the no deal agreed button pops up
yep
agreed you get 1 book and i get everything else
i get 1 book and you can have the hats and ball
deal
i would love the books and balls
deal
hi , i want 3 balls and a hat
okay deal !
you can have 4 balls and i`ll take 2 books and one hat
i get 3 books and 2 balls ?
i like 3 books better
books and balls , and i keep the rest deal ?
two books and two balls , thats what i meant
ok deal
i need hat or no deal
ok
i want the book and hat
then i want the book and balls
agreed
i'd like the two books and the ball . you can have the hats .
you can have all of the hats and the ball if i get both books .
i would need the hats and at least 1 book
ok
book is most value to me too . . . do two hats and ball have any value to you if i took book and just 1 hat ?
we both have no value on the ball ? odd . . you get the book ill take the rest .
i want the book .
i do not have any value for the ball , the hats are worth too little to me . the book is majority .
i can accept that . i take the book , you get 3 hats and the ball then .
hello . i really like that ball
you can have it , if i can have everything else
hi
i like it too
ok
i need 2 balls and one hat
agree
i keep the book you get a hat and 2 balls
same here
no deal
no deal
how do you activate the no deal button ?
thanks
i need the book , no value for me on the other things
ok , no deal then
no deal
no deal
by continue to have a conversation until it pops up
i would like both books , you may have the rest .
ok , i will take one book , you may have the rest .
could you get by with just one book ?
thank you
i have to have 1 book and the balls
sounds good
i'd like the books and 1 hat .
deal . i'll take 1 book and both hats .
i'd like the book and 2 balls ; you can keep all 3 books .
ok
i need the book and you can have the rest
i'd like hat and ball .
there are 4 books and only 1 ball . what are you looking at ?
no biggie . your first time ? i'm guessing books are 0 to you then . i can take the books and the ball . that gives me at least 6 points . you ?
well , there are no books . i'll give a hat and two balls , if i can have the rest ?
oh , nevermind . the instructions suck . it says the "value each to you" . this is weird . sorry .
yes . take it . so we can finish it . my bad .
ill take the ball and the hats you can have the books ?
i really cant afford to give up the ball id give you the book and 2 hats if i take the ball and 1 hat .
cant do it the only other offer i have is if you give me the ball and i give you the rest .
cant my value would be super low sounds like we wont be able to make a deal .
ok i appreciate it
i will give you all the hats and one book , if i keep the ball and one book .
what if i take the ball , and give you the rest ?
it seems like we are at a stalemate . are you sure you can't take everything but the ball ?
i will accept everything and give you the ball then .
i need the hat you can have the rest
great
can i have the hat and two books ?
okay deal
would you trade the book for a hat ?
if i can have the ball and the book you can have the hats
i really would not like to but , if that is what you are offering
i need one ball , you can have the hats and i will take the books
sounds good
i'd like the balls .
deal .
can i get the hat and two balls - the book and a ball would be yours
nah , i can live with the first offer - a balls for me , the hat and book for you
deal
i'd love to have the hat and book please
i really need that hat . i can go the other way , the hat and a ball
ok deal
you can have all the hats and i'll take the rest .
you can have the ball , all the hats , and 1 book .
no i want the ball and books
ok deal
gimme the hat
yes
i can have everything else ?
i can do that , deal .
what if i take the balls and one book ?
i've got to either have one book or the hat , with both balls .
what if i take both books and you get the rest ?
okay i'll take the balls and the hat
id like the books and the hat . . . balls all day for you
cant do that unfortunately . i really need the books and the hat
ok , , , i can take both hats leaving you the hat and balls
i misspoke before . . . i was agreeing with you on me getting both books and you the rest
can i get the books and the hat ?
ok that works
i'd need the hat and the ball ; you can have all 4 books .
how about you get all three balls and i'll take book and hat
ok
i need 2 balls and 1 book
2 balls and 1 book is what i need
thanks
i would like the books and ball
ok
i need the ball , the rest to you
i would like the hats and the ball .
ok , just give me all the hats then .
i have to have the ball and either the hats or books
fine
i'd like the ball you can keep everything else .
ok
i need one ball as well
thank you .
you take all hats
fine
i would like 3 books and then either hat or ball
you would not be willing to share one or the other with me ?
ok i will take 3 books only
you can have the books but i need the hat and the ball
no you would be getting three books
okay thank you !
but i wanted to give you all the books in exchange for both the hat and ball . . .
you can have the ball and 1 book , i take everything else .
deal
i would like the ball and the hat . you can have the books
i can give you all the books and the hat but i want the ball
ok
i want two hats and two books .
i'll take two hats and a book .
you can have have 2 hats and a book or 2 books and a hat .
i just want the hat
sounds fair to me . deal
nope , i need the books and the balls
i take one book and the four balls ?
deal
i'll take the books and hat , you can have the balls
lets split the books then
yes and i get one hat and one book
how about you take the hats and i take the rest ?
i want the hats and a ball
ok
you can have the balls if i can have everything else
i'd like the balls .
deal .
sounds good
i'll take the hats if you take the ball and the books .
if i can have the ball and the books you can have the hats
that will not work for me . i need the books and the ball or i can not make a deal
okay no deal .
no deal
no deal .
i have to have 1 book and the hats
without the books i also cannot make a deal
no deal
no deal
no deal
i'd like a book , the ball and 1 hat .
that'll work .
you can have the ball and books ; can i have both hats ?
i get the book you get the rest . deal
deal
i get the hat hat and a ball you can have the rest
ok
you can have a hat if i can get a basketball .
you can have all the books and the hat if i can get all the balls .
i need that hat . what are your thoughts ?
and split the books ?
word !
deal
i want the books .
sounds good !
i'd like one ball , you can have the rest .
deal
i get the ball and 2 hats you get the rest
deal
could i have both balls and a hat
i just want the hat , the rest to you .
okay , i'll take the books and nothing else
i need both the hat and the ball . i don't want the books .
i want 1 book 3 hats
i must have 1 book to reach 5
book is not worth 5 , i need 2 other items to reach 5
that is only 4
guess we are finished
i want the books and one other item
ill give you everything if you give me two books
ill give you one book if you give me everything else then
you can have three hats and one ball then
there's no way . i want both books or we cant make a deal
could i get the hat and balls and you get the books ?
deal
i'l take the hat and both books
no the hat and bothe books last offer
four books for hat
both balls and a book
same here . . . doestnt work out if i do different
ok
so what do you want ?
no . i can give you all the books . but the balls have to stay with me !
okay then how about . 1 ball me , 1 . 2 books me and book and hat you ?
good !
ok
that works too
all i want is the book
well what about the book and one hat ?
cool deal
you can have the books if i can have the hat and the ball
you can have one book and the ball
ok then you can have the ball and 2 book
hi , i'd love either the hat and the ball and all the books .
how about i get 2 books and either the hat or the ball ?
no , that won't work .
ok deal thanks .
id like both books and the hat .
how about you get one hat and one ball , and i get two books and one ball .
okay agreed . i get two books and one ball . you get the rest .
more balls won't suffice . i really need a hat and a book .
ok , i can do that .
if i can have the hats you can have everything else
if i can't have the balls i can not make a deal .
i'm sorry i meant the hats . i need the hats . if i can't have those i can't make the deal .
that won't work for me sorry . no deal .
no deal
that doesnt work for me i can offer you the balls
i just said i can offer you the balls .
sorry best i can do is give you a hat and a ball
just type no deal until the button shows up
no deal
how about one ball and one hat go to you ? and i'll take the book , 1 hat , and 1 ball .
okay , i can do that . 2 balls to you and 1 book and 2 hats to me .
i just need both balls you can have the rest
everything else is worthless to me , i need both balls
deal
i'd like to keep the basketballs ; you can have everything else .
not at all , i really need that hat .
works for me .
i'd like to keep the books and a hat ; are the balls of high value to you ?
i'll take the books and the balls you keep the hat ?
i want two hats
deal
that will not work for mei need 1 book and 3 hats
i need 3 hats
3 hats and 1 book for me deal
you keep all hats and i keep the rest
ok so two hats and one book
ok fine
hi , i would like the book and hat and you can have the balls
ok , well if you take the hat i would need the book and the balls
ok , deal
sorry i can not do a deal without the hat
how about you get 2 balls and the book
sounds good thank you
i need the ball . you can have the hats and the book .
i need the ball and two hats
deal
i want the hat and 2 balls
deal
i need both balls , the rest to you
2 books and 1 ball please ?
okay , i'll take 1 book , 1 ball , and 1 hat . deal ?
no deal .
i need one book
give me both hats and a book
i would like 2 hats , 1 book , and 1 ball .
i'll take 2 hats and a book .
how about i take 2 books , 1 hat , and you take the rest ?
can i get both hats , 1 book , and 1 ball ?
i'll take 2 hats , and a book .
how about 2 hats and a ball ?
can't do that - what about 2 hats and 2 balls ?
nope , i will give you both the hats and both the balls
no , but i guess i will do 2 hats and a book - 3 items for each of us .
i need the ball
ok
hi , i just need the ball
sorry that does not work for me . i need the ball and you can have 2 hats and 4 books
you can have 3 balls
you can have the hat as long as i get all the books and balls .
sure , sounds like a deal .
not gonna happen . i need the hat .
i'll take the hat and one ball please .
no deal - you can have 1 ball and all the hats .
i need the hats and balls . you can keep the books .
deal
i need the books . i can take one book and two balls and the hat if you want the two books
okay that works !
you can have both balls if i can have the hat and books
i need the hat , and both balls . you can have all of the books
you take the balls , i take the hats and the book
i can't give up the book or the hats
i can't do that
i have to have the book and both hats or no deal
okay
i'll take the balls and one book
well you'll have to give up one hat and both basketballs
then one book and both basketballs
okay i'll take both balls
i can give you either the books or the balls
i can give you everything if you give me two hats
i would like the books and one hat or both balls
deal
hi can i have one hat and one ball ?
well the books have no value to me
can i have just the hat ?
ok
i need the same . if i can have the hat and one ball and one book you can have the other ball and the books
you can have the balls if i can have the hat and the books
okay deal .
you take all books and i keep the rest , best deal of the day
but lets talk one more line before
deal
deal .
ok .
which one do you need me
if i give you the hat i need at least 2 books or i wont make a minimum
i would like the hat and ball
the hat , but if i can't have the ball , i would like 1 or 2 books
ok . i will take the hat and one book
deal
i'd like to have all the hats please ?
thank you .
i'll take the hat and both books
deal
i have to have hat . you can have the rest .
if i can have the book and the hat you can have the balls
if i can have one ball and the book would you take two balls and the hat then ?
okay great ! thank you !
if i take the balls i need either the book or the hat
yes
i'll take the hats . you can have the rest .
would you be willing to let me have two hats and a book ?
deal .
i can give you one hat and one book
what about two books and a hat ? ?
i need books and balls though
i'd like a book to hold my hat on
i ; m okay with thiss
ok , i can do that .
oops . i will take the ball if you want the rest .
i just want two balls , you can have the rest .
if i can have one hat and all the books , that'd be good .
i would like the ball and the hats .
i think we can make that work .
i would like both balls and both hats .
deal
i'd like the 2 balls and 1 book and 1 hat .
no thanks . how about i get 2 balls and 1 hat ?
no way . that leaves me with only 2 . i'll take book , 1 hat and 1 ball .
deal .
yes the books are of high value to me
works for me
hey there ! i'd like the ball and 2 hats - any chance all 3 books are of value to you ?
my offer is that i keep 2 hats 1 ball , you keep all books , then . !
i would like the books .
deal .
i would like the basketballs and the hats you can have both books
i know for a fact that hat would look great on me
i can only give you the hat if i get the rest
i really need to the hat
the rest is worthless to me , sorry
deal
deal
i will keep the book . you can have the rest .
i'd like two balls and two hats if i may
could you make it two hats and a ball then ?
i can give you two balls and a hat
deal
i would like the ball and 2 books
if i can have all the books and hats
ok deal
give me ball and one book
i need ball and book at least or no deal
there's 1 book , so that's highly impossible . however , i'd like to take the book and the hat , you keep all 4 balls ?
exactly . . . hence . . . i keep the book and the hat and you keep all 4 balls .
the balls have no value to me . i will not agree to a deal without the book . the rest is negotiable .
sounds fair . thank you .
hi what is we split the books ?
i can't use the hat
but i want the book !
ok i'll take the balls and you can have the book and hat
you're welcome
how about one book and one ball ?
does that work for you ?
if i can have the book and the balls you can have the hats
okay so i will take one book and one ball and you will take the rest ?
that is fine . thank you !
how about you get all the hats , i get book and ball ?
best i can do ; i definitely can't part with the hat .
i did . . . i meant the book , sorry !
i would like the hats and the book .
is that your absolute best offer ?
i thought you wanted the book and ball ?
okay ! i'll take all four hats . you take the rest .
hello
actually i would like the two balls as nothing else is of value to me .
well what are the books valued for you ?
they are valued at 0 for me so both of the books would net you 4 the hat is of no value to me . i would like both balls as it would also net me 4 points .
balls are not 5 each for me i have not value for the hat also does not indicate no value just no value to me .
so what is you proposed offer ?
well i propose you take both books and i take the hat and the balls .
hello , i'd like the two balls ; we can negotiate on everything else . what's of value t o you ?
that won't work for me ; i assume we have a similar point distributions . we can split it down the middle and rock paper scissors for the 0 value hat ?
2
that makes 0 sense ; if everything else was 0 for you - balls would be 5 each to you . so instead of dishonesty , let's split it down the middle .
again ; basic math with 10 points distributed would state that your " 2 balls would net you 4 points" as a dishonest statement . i assume your balls are 4 each ; hat being 2 . we can do this dance or i take 5 points , you take 6 and we move on after wasting way
to be as fair as possible ; your ball and hat would net you 6 . . . a ball and a book would net me 5 ; but since books are 0 to you , might as well let me take both . i propose i take 2 books and a ball , you take ball and a hat . if you want to make me suffer ; i'
alright this is taking too long ; no deal .
i need both books and a hat
deal
gimme the ball and one book
ok
i want the balls and the books
i need either the hat and 1 book or both books
that will work .
i would like the book , you can have the rest .
i'd like one basketball and one hat and one book .
you can have the hats , i'll keep the ball and the books .
i need all hats or 2 hats and the ball .
i would like 1 book 1 ball
ok
ok , deal
what would you like
deal
i'll take the hats and the book
deal
hi
you can have the books if i can have the hat and balls
can i have the balls and 1 hat ?
okay deal
i would like 2 hats and i will give you the rest
unfortunately the same for me . i'll take the rest if you want the book alone .
with the book being imporant for you , i assume its high value . i wouldn't even get half the max points if i gave up one item .
yes .
the book is super important to me . what are your feelings on that ?
could i have the book and one ball ? will that work ?
okay . book for me , everything else for you . good ?
i want the hat and ball
i can only give you the books if you let me keep the ball and hat
cant do it
i need the ball and at least 1 book
no deal
i want the ball and the books .
you can have all 3 books . i will take the hat and the ball .
i can take the ball and 2 books .
if you want the ball so bad . you take the ball - i will take the rest .
no deal .
hello , which items would you prefer ?
okay . can i have the hats and ball ?
how about both books ?
i would like the hat and 1 book . you can have all the balla\
okay , so i'll take all balls and a book . deal .
i want the book and two balls .
i will take a ball and a book .
you don't understand . i have no value for either book or hat . so i will take the book and a ball .
i can't submit the hit if i choose something other than a ball only .
you only have to have one item i think
i can give you the book
no you can have the book
no i need both balls i will give you a book and 1 hat
if you have no value for the book why do you want the book ? you dont understand i need both balls
neither can i
no deal
i'd like books . you can have the rest .
then i'll take 1 ball and 2 books .
the orphanage i work at could use at least 1 book to read
no i think the kids need exercise more than reading . i will take the balls and the hat . you keep the books
i'll take 2 balls ; you have books and hats
i'd like hats and 1 ball or book .
i need the book and 1 ball ?
ok i will take the book and 2 hats ?
gimme the balls and hats
book and hats to you
yes deal
i will you the ball and 2 of the books .
i would like the ball and hat if possible
i take the ball and 2 books ?
ok
i will take the hats and you can have the rest ?
no can do
ok then keep sending messages
no deal
no deal
nope
ball for me and i give all else . . . cant beat that
well then we aint gonna deal . . . ball is 10 for me
no deal
no deal
nope
i can let you have both books if i get everything else .
i can let you have the hat and one book .
ok , we have a deal . i get the balls , you get the hat and books .
that doesn't work for me . i need the hat and 2 books
i need both books in order for this to work
thank you . 2 books and 1 hat for me .
hey there , i'd like the two hats and either a book or a ball .
well , that's one way to prolong this agreement . what do you have in mind ?
you can have the hats and one book . really need the ball and 3 books
i would like the hats and some books .
deal .
hi , i would like the balls and the book . you can have the hats
sorry i need both balls . how about i get the balls and you get everything else ?
gimme one ball to go with hats
deal
i would like the ball and book , you can have 4 hats
lets work on a deal then
i need the ball . i will take the ball and give you the hats and book
i like the ball and book too
how about i take the ball and 2 hats
ok
books to you , hat and balls to me , , , what do you think ?
they are goodness . . . how about i get the hat and 1 ball , you the books and 1 ball ?
i like those balls
sure
i'll give you all the books and the ball if i can keep the hats
deal
how about one hat and both balls ?
okay thats fair
i need the hats and 1 ball
i really need both hats , you can have the rest
great
no that won't work , i would like the book and 2 hats
no , i need the book and 2 hats but no balls so you can have 1 hat and all the balls
ok its a deal
i need the book . i'd also like all the hats .
i'll take the book and one ball ?
nope . if you get the book , i need evefrything else . i can't accept any other offer .
hi there , i'd like to have the hat please
you can have the hat . but i get everything else
deal
i wanted the hat and 1 ball . lets negotiate .
you can have the hat . deal
eh , you can have them , but then i need the hat and balls .
the books are looking really good to me . how about you ?
done !
me too
you can have everthing except the ball
it seems there's no deal here
i think we have to waste a few lines first
i too would still like the ball
i can but i won't
i'd like the ball and one hat
i really need the ball , you can have the rets
right
oh , ok , so i would still like the ball
you can have the rest , smiles
i need ball
for you , i get ball
ok
i would like 2 hats and 1 ball
how about 3 hats and 1 book
ok , you can have the ball , if i get 3 hats , and 1 book
thanks
i really need the ball , how about you take the hat and two books .
deal
i would like the ball and hat please
i only need the ball
ok
i need the ball and 1 book .
deal
ok then i get the hat and 2 books
me too
i cant do that . . . . . . too low . . . . i could do two hats a book and a ball
i would like the balls .
alright well i suggest we work this out then i would like two balls and ab ook you can have two hats and a ball
alright , you can have two hats , the book , and a ball .
sorry , i need hats and the ball
no deal , how about i take the ball and 2 books
take the book and ball then . i`ll take the rest
book and balls for me
if you take the ball , i take two hats and two books
no deal , one ball one book for me or no deal
i'd like the hat and the balls ; you can keep all 3 books ?
3 items will never equal 4 ; you'll have to try better than that . : ) - - i'll take the hat and 1 ball , you take the rest ?
hat is the only item of value to me .
brutal , but i'll take it .
that gives me a total of 4 , that is brutal .
oh you want both balls lol that would have left me with 3 ! naw i'd like the hat and one of the books you can have the rest .
ok then i'll take all three books and the two balls
its not , the hat is the only thing of value to you , you just said so .
i'll give you 1 ball and 1 book
can't give you the hat
2 books and 1 hat is my final offer
no that was a typo . it's 1 book and 2 balls
ok
what about 2 hats 1 ball
2 balls 1 hat for you
can i have the hats and a book please ?
all hats and ball ?
all hats and a ball final deal .
you can have the balls if i can have the hat and the two books .
you can have two balls if i can have the hat and one book .
not much of a basketball player , like to read more , hat and a book .
no chance . i need the 2 books and 1 ball
3 balls , and a book
okay , deal
i have my eye on that book
could i get the book and the ball ?
take the book , i'll take the rest
ok
can i have the book and one ball thank you kindly ?
deal
i need the books
how about two books and the ball ?
ok two books for me and the hat
i would like the 3 books and the ball .
you can have 2 books but not all of them , ill take the rest
no , i need the ball and at least one book and the hat
okay deal
can i have the hat and 2 books ?
i need at least one book .
yea .
i want the books and ball
ok , so the hat and a book for you , the rest to me ?
illl give you eveyrthing except my balls
i need the hat and one ball
deal
if i can have the books and the ball you can have the hats
great ! thank you !
deal .
ok , i can do that
i need both hats . the rest can be yours ?
you can take 4 hats if i can keep the book and the ball .
great .
hello . i would like 3 hats and 1 book .
okay that will work .
i want the hat and 2 balls
cant i can give you all besides the hat
hi , i would like the ball and hats and you can have the book
im sorry i cant give away the ball
could i get 1 hat and the ball ?
ok , deal , thanks !
i would like the book and the ball
okay how about you get the ball i get the rest .
sure
gimme the book and 2 balls
take book i get rest
unfortunately the book is the only thing of mine that has value ; no chance you can part with book and the hat , you keep all the balls ?
deal
i need at least one of the balls if i take just the books
i need the hat and the balls . you can have all of the books .
okay .
i can't give the ball , i'll offer the hat and 2 books
i want hat and ball .
ok deal .
i would like one of each please
i really like the ball
ok , i'll take all of the books and hats and you can have the ball
i will give all hats for the ball
you can have the books too
what do you need ?
i can give you the hats and 1 ball
i need the hats and 2 balls
ok
i can not agree to that offer . if i can have the book and two balls you can have the hat and one ball
okay you can have the book but , i get everything else
okay thank you !
i'll take the book and 1 ball . you take the hat and 2 balls .
no . i must have the book .
alright . i take the book . you take the rest .
thank you !
want the hat , and the gun
ok deal
i want the book and 2 basketballs
i need the hats and 1 ball
you can have the book and 1 hat
great
i need the book and 1 or two hats .
sounds good . deal !
no deal . i need the same . if we can split the difference i could take the hat and two books and you could have the ball and one book
no , i would still need something else . i would need either the ball or two books
how about i have the book and one other object of your choice ?
no , i need the book , or else we cannot make a deal .
deal .
hi , i would like the book and 2 hats , i can give you 1 hat and the 2 balls in exchange
i'm open to that , would you take 2 hats and the 2 balls instead though ?
okay you can have the book and 1 ball
can i get the balls and 1 book
you can have the balls . i keep the rest .
ok
hi , i just need the hat and the book
i need the book and the hat . just that , you can have 3 balls
does not work without them . it`s fair split
if i give you more , i won`t have any points
ok i`ll just take the book and 2 balls .
ok i`ll take the book and one ball .
i can give you the hat
i dont think i can give you both
i just need a little more
can you do a hat or book , plus a ball ?
no , i need two balls , and either the book or the hat
you can have the hats but , i need the book and the ball
i can not make that deal . we both need the book so we will not be able to reach a deal .
it still would not work out for me . i'm sorry .
okay deal .
i'd like the book and the three hats .
sorry i need the book . you can have the ball and two hats .
what if you keep everything but the book ?
ok . take the book . i'll keep the three hats and the ball .
no deal . i'll take the books and balls and you can have the hats .
no deal .
deal
you can have the books if i can have the hats and balls
that won't work for me , you can have 1 ball and 1 book and give me the rest
ok the best i can do is both hats and 1 ball and you get both books and 1 ball
i want the hats and two balls
ok deal
if you get the hats , i need the book and two balls
id like the hat and at least 2 books
if i take the hat you can have the rest
everything else is worthless to me . i'll take only the hat or no deal .
deal .
if i can have the hats you can have the rest
great ! thank you !
i would like 2 books , you can have the rest
ok deal
i want both the balls and the book .
okay , how about i get two balls and you can have the rest ?
deal .
can't part with all of that . i'd like the hats and a book or a ball . best i can do .
i guess that'll work .
you can have the books if i can have the hat and ball
i can't either
there is no way that the ball and books can work for you ?
i can't either so i guess we are stuck
so if you can have the ball and i can have the hat ?
i need hats , you can have rest
2 hat and ball for me
id like the hats and book
i need 1 hat atleast
ok
hi i just want the ball and you could keep all the rest
done dea
you can have the hats , i'll take the rest
i'll give you the book , and i know someone that could turn those hats into boots for you . i'll take the balls
i can't wear hats . could i have the book and a couple of basketballs .
i'd like to grab that book , as well as a hat
i'd like to have at least one other , i can also do book + ball
book and i keep the rest
ok one book and onehat for you
sorry that wont work for me . i'd be willing to split the balls , and you can have the books and ill take the hat
sorry , that wont work for me . the above deal is the best i can do
ok , looks like we wont be able to reach a deal
agree
yep
how about i get two balls and the hat ?
can't do that . what about i get one book and the hat ?
sorry that is the best i can do as well .
okay , no deal
ok
i would like the ball and 2 books . you can have the hat and 2 books .
okay deal .
i will need the hat and 3 books if you take the ball
deal
ok
i need the book and the hat you can have the balls
great !
hi , i would like the hats and the balls
how about both balls and a hat ?
both balls and a book ?
i need 3 items total , any 3 would do
two hats and a book ?
no , for me .
i'm not taking less than 3 items .
sounds good .
thanks for letting me know .
hello
you can have both balls if i get the hats and book
if i give up a book or hat , i will need a ball too
how much are the things to you ?
i need three too , so i guess we will be here a while . i still offer both balls to you if i can have the other items .
for me ? yes , if i can have two hats and a book , i will let you have the two balls .
not happening , sorry
same here , so i guess we will just sit here and let the timer tick
there is actually a "no deal was agreed" button below . i did not realize that . guess we can click that
i would like the hat and ball , you can have the books
no i need the hat
the hat is the only thing of value to me
no deal in that case
you clicked deal - - we did not agree
how about i take hat , you take ball , and we split the books down the middle ?
same and the ball is of no value to me .
unfortunately the best i can offer is i take the hat and leave the rest to you , which is still a poor deal
alright
i have not agreed on a deal or the chat would stop . select no deal when it pops up .
hi ! how about you have all the hats , and i'll have the ball and book ?
are the hats worth anyting at all for you ? because they aren't for me .
what about the book . pleasssse can i have the book too ?
hello ,
i was thinking i keep the book and you get the hats and the ball
yeah hats are but the ball isn't
3 hats and 1 ball ?
so you won't negotiate at all ?
2 hats and 1 book ?
fine .
i need the ball and three books
i can do that , you get hats and 2 books , i get ball and 2 books
if you take the ball . i need the hats and at least 2 books
deal
can i have the book and 1 ball ?
i would need the hat as well . hat and balls are low value for me .
you can have hat and all balls if i can have book .
you can have all of the balls , if i get the hat and the book
i need the hat and 1 ball then to make a deal
deal
i only need the hats and you can have everything else .
deal .
okay sounds fair .
i need only two books and you can keep everything else
that will not work for me , i will need at least two hats .
ok , deal .
hello i'm really interested in three hats and a book
well then can i have a book , ball and one hat ?
ok thanks
i'll give you all the balls and i'll take the rest ?
i'm bald though and can't go out without a hat . take my balls
i really want the hats . . . i have a party to go to and need them .
give me one book and the hats
i can give you one book and the ball
deal
i need the ball and the books and you can have the hats
i really need both books and the ball
1 book , 1 ball and 1 hat
i want all the hats and one other item
how about two hats and a ball ?
ok
what do you think of the hats ?
how about two hats and one book ?
how about all the hats and nothing else ?
book and hats and one ball for me
i'll take the book and two hats and give you the rest
book and 2 balls to me
ok
i would like the book and 2 hats
ill take the book and one ball and one hat
how about you take three hats and one ball and i get the rest
how about i take hat and only the hat
i'd like the balls .
deal .
how about i take 1 of each ? you get two balls and a hat ?
i can allow that .
i would like the ball and two hats
i'll take the balls , you can have the rest
okay
you want two books ? deal
no way , i need the hat and 2 books
the hat , 1 book and the ball
no , that doesn't work i will take a hat and a book
how about two books ?
no , i will give you two books
i can do the hat and one book
that doesn't work for me . i will take the hat and ball . you get four books ?
deal
how about i take the hat and 2 balls ?
i'd like the hat too . one hat one ball and you take everything
ill take books and ball
you get ball , i take rest
i'll take 2 hats and the ball if that's ok ?
i need the ball
you take the books and ball , i'll take the hats
i need two books and the hat
okay deal
how about you take just the books ?
hello
i'm not sure how this works , so can you help me please .
ok , do you have any balls i can get ?
i'd really like to have the ball .
the books and hats are both worth 0 to me .
oh boy
i can offer the ball and 1 book
how about the ball and 1 hat ?
i would like the ball one book and one hat
how about the ball and both books ?
no , i would rather have the ball and one book
sorry , can`t do that . you can take one ball and one hat
ok deal
im taking the balls and hats
2 balls to me along with one hat
well hello there . i'd quite like the two balls and a book .
seems like a good deal . very well .
i'll give you the balls if i can have the rest .
i just will have the hat
i would like the books and something else .
deal .
sure
ok
can i have two balls and a hat or book ?
i'd like the book then if i could .
i'd need one of the hats or the ball along with the book
that's actually worse for me . i'll take the 3 hats
if i can have the book and the ball you can have the hats
would you be willing to accept the ball and two hats ?
okay great ! thank you !
deal
if i can have the book and the hat you can have all of the balls
great ! thank you !
i want two hats
yes
and i get the rest ?
i would like the book and all 3 balls
i can't do that . how about i give you two of the balls and that i keep the book and one of the balls ?
i'd like to keep the book but i'll give you the rest
i'm sorry , i would rather keep the book and give you the hat and all 3 balls
i guess it will be no deal because i want the book
i can not make that deal . you can have the balls but , i need everything else
i need the book or no deal .
i can not give up the book . are you willing to make another offer
i can not make a deal without the book . . . so you can have everything else or no deal .
no deal .
sounds good to me . i want the 3 books .
i would like the ball and the hat .
deal .
if i can have one of each you can have the other two books
i can not make that deal . you can have the books if i can have the hat and the ball
yes .
hat and one book to me
all book to me
i want the 4 books and 2 hats please
you can have 1 hat and the ball
no deal
mtc ? no deal
hurry up green button - no deal
is that all . i need 2 hats and the ball .
i need both hats and the ball
no deal mtc rules
no deal
it is not showing for me
hi , i need the book and 2 hats
ok , take 2 hats and the ball .
i'll accept no less than 2 hats and the ball .
deal .
i'd like the ball and the book . you can have the reset
okay
i need either the ball or the book . how about i get the book and you keep the rest ?
i would like the books and the ball .
you cannot give either up for a ball ?
deal .
i need ball and hat
i take balll you get rest
i would like the hat and 2 balls
okay done
agreed
the ball and hat for me , rest to you
ya thats fine .
i need the hats and the ball
great , thanks
if i can have the book and the hats you can have the ball
okay deal .
no thats not fair . you can have all of the hats and i will take just the book and ball
how about you take two books
yeah but ok one ball
ok
hello i would like 1 book and 1 ball .
and no ball ? i would really like 1 ball at least .
so i get 1 book and 1 ball correct ?
i need both hats and books
great
i'll take both balls and a hat
ok
you can have all 3 basketballs and ill take the book and hat
how about you get just the book and i keep the balls and hat
ok deal
how about 2 balls and the book ?
how about i get one ball and book ?
i need the ball and the hats
deal
i need 1 hat and all the books .
how about you take both balls and i get the rest
how about you just take the book only
i also need the book and one hat
i can offer you the book and both balls
would like the book and 1 hat . you can have the rest .
no the balls are worthless to me . i need the book and 1 hat .
no i need the book and at least 1 hat .
make me another offer .
okay i will take the book and both balls .
hows about 2 books and 2 hats for me , you get 1 ball and 1 hat ?
can you trade a hat for the ball ?
yep
no deal . i can do all hats and you get the rest ?
so i get 2 hats and a ball ?
what would you like ?
how about i get the ball and 2 hats . you get the books and 1 hat
ok
the hats and either the ball or one book
the hats are where most of the points are for me . i could do it if i get 2 hats and all the books
i'll have the balls , you can have the rest .
that's fine , and i'll take the rest .
i need both books and 1 ball
yes
i only want the hat
i would like all the balls and the hat .
deal .
i can give up the hats if i can take the rest .
i'd like the hats and the book , but being fair i'd settle for just the hats .
sounds fair enough . deal
can i have the hat and one of the books ?
how about the hat and you can have the rest
ya it would see that way on my side too unfortunately
its the only thing of value to me .
welp looks like we are at an impass and we chit chat until it says we can "make no deal"
nope , no deal .
i can give you two books and two balls for the hat and one ball
i need the hat . unless i get the hat we cannot make a deal
are you sure you cannot give the hat up ?
the hat is the only item of value to me also
this isn't going to work
i'll give you both hats , but not the book
i really need that book and i'd like both hats also
i need the book or we can't make a deal . i'd be willing to give you everything else for the book .
you can have the hats if i can have the book and ball
the book is too valuable to me to give up
sure
yes
can you trade a hat or two for the book ?
trade a hat for the ball ?
so 3 hats and a ball for me , 1 hat 1 book for you ?
i would like both books and one hat
alright , so i get the books ?
i need the hat
yes , you get books , me all else
i can't do that . i can give you one of the balls , and both hats if that's acceptable .
ok , that's fair enough to me . deal .
book and balls to me
one book and one ball to me , you have rest
hat fits me just right though
i would like 1 hat and 1 book ?
sorry , the hat and a book ?
gimme hats
ok
you can have the hats if i can have everything else
deal .
i will give you 2 books
i will give you 2 books and one balls
i cant give you my hate
yea i cant do that either , i will give you one books
i need the hat for sure and one of the balls .
i need the hat for sure .
then you can keep the hat . i will have to take both books and both balls .
no deal .
that is a deal
i just want one ball and one book . you can have the rest .
i just want the book
thx
i need the hats and all of the balls
deal
no deal . i'll take ball and 2 books ?
can't do . books are 1 point for me . i can do the hat and all books .
then we just need to talk till the no deal button pops up . i don't deal for less than 5 / 10 .
books are sucky anyway .
blah blah blah no deal .
ill give you the books if i can have everything else
no deal . i can give you 4 books thats it
nope no deal books are worth nothing for me
good for you
cool story
i want two books and a hat
deal
good afternoon , how about i'll take the book and two hats ?
there is only one book , and i'm sorry but i can't give that up .
ok , you take two hats and the ball and i'll take the book and a hat .
i can only get 1 of the books
ok you can have the book if i get the ball and a hat .
thats fine .
i want the book and ball
i need the book or no deal
ok
i need those too . can i have the book and 2 hats .
then i get the rest
id take the hat and two balls
how about the hat and a book ?
how about i take the hat and 2 balls and you can have the book and a ball ?
i can't do that . i need the hat and two balls
i will give you the hat and the book if i get the three balls .
i want the hats you can have the rest
i don't need balls just the hats , they got to be worth something to you , i just need the hats
then no deal
ok hold up ill just take one hat
nothing
i would love the hats and the book .
no sorry that won't work . i can give you 1 hat and a ball .
i can't give you both hats , i'm sorry .
no deal
1 hat and what else ?
ok deal .
i want the book and balls
ok deal
i need hat and 2 balls
i would like 1 ball and 1 hat
i get the ball and 1 book . deal
nope , i need the hat ansd two books
deal
can i have 1 of each ?
i need at least 1 book and 1 hat , you can have the rest
sorry , i meant i need 1 book and 1 ball .
sorry , i still need 1 book .
deal . i get 1 book and 1 ball . thanks .
i would like both books and a hat
i need both books and you can have the rest
i can give you the ball and one hat
okay i get one book and both hats then
i want the hats and a ball .
how about 2 hats , 1 ball , 1 book .
ok . i'll take 2 hats , one ball , and you can have the rest
you can have 1 of each
sorry that wont work for me
deal
i'd like a book and a hat .
the book is the only thing i really want , you can have everything else .
i don't think we're going to be able to come to an agreement then .
so what now ?
you know what ? i'm going to take the book and i'm going to take all the hats and i'm going to take the ball as well . what do you think about that ?
i would like the book , 1 hat , and the ball
i need the book too
i agree
unless you are willing to give me the book then we can't agree
no
sorry that won't work . how about i get the ball and one book
i will give you a book and 2 hats .
you want 1 ball and 1 book . that works for me .
i really need both books . you could take all the rest .
balls have no value for me , so you should take them all . only the books are valuable .
i trade you a ball for a book
ok deal
how about one book and 2 hats for me
deal
i'd love to take a hat and ball off your hands
i'll take the hat and a book then
i need books and ball
ok
if i can have the ball , you can have the rest
that works for me ! thank you !
i can do hat and 1 book or ball .
no deal . hat is 5 points for me . i can hat and 1 book , but that's it .
then no deal . we just need to talk until the no deal button lights up .
we just have to type back and forth a few times .
it sucks . but that's how it works .
you take the books ?
i need the hat and balls
i need hat and 1 ball
ok whens that ?
ok sometimes we just cant make a deal
there it is
i'd be happy with 1 book 1 hat
ok
ok , i'll take the rest
i don't feel like that's agreeable . the books are the most valuable to my collection .
i need the hat and books , you can have the balls
then you keep the books and i get the hat and the balls
i need 2 balls , you can have everything else
ill take two hats and a ball
ok sounds good
and the three hats .
okay
you can have the book
you can have 2 hats - i get one and the balls
book and 2 hats to me
deal .
i would like the book and two hats .
how about i get the book and two basketballs then and you can have the hats and a basketball ?
if you get the book , i will need everything else .
great .
i would like that exact same thing .
no . i'll need the book for sure . everything else is negotiable .
fine . i don't love that , but fine .
i need the hat and the books
i want the hat and the balls
you can have two books and a hat .
ill take the ball but i would like a hat and 1 book as well
i can give you the hats but i would need everything else\
how about you get the hats and 1 book ?
hi , i need the hats and 2 books
sorry that does not work for me . i really need the hats and 2 books
sorry no deal , i need at least one other item
ok deal
okay
i want the ball and both books
hello
i would like the basketball
i would give you all 3 books
how about i get the basketball and you get the hats
i will take the basketball and you can have everything else
all i am interested in is the basketball
i guess we cant agree on a deal
hi
what do you want ?
what would you give me in return ?
how about you get the books and i get the basketball ?
you keep the hats ill take the basket ball
naw that does not give me a good deal
so am i
guess not
i need balls and books
no deals
how about , i take hat and both balls
we . . . . burn it down . . . together
hi there ! i would like the basketball and 3 books , please .
you can have the ball and 1 book .
no , that is not fair as there is only one ball and one hat . you can have the ball and 1 book .
what if i give you the hat and 1 book ?
i'm sorry . you can have the hat and 1 book or the ball and 1 book .
you can have the hat and 2 books . final offer .
you keep the balls , i keep the hat and the book
great
sure
you can have the two books
no deal
can i just have the hat ?
naw just want the hat , you can have the rest
no i need the ball
you see it , are you saying i can have the ball ? and the rest goes to you
do you have books and caps
ok , what are the value of ball
i need the ball
you can have all the hats
i can do all books only
you can have the ball if i can have 1 hat and books .
i would like all the hats and a book
can't do that , i need a hat
can i give you a hat for the book ?
ok , book is yours , the rest mine
no
hi i would like the book and ball and you can have the hats
no sorry , i cant make a deal without the book .
can i at least get 1 hat ?
ok , deal
i would like both balls and one book .
no , i can't . i would need at least 1 ball and all books .
ok , sounds good
which items do you want ?
would you do all 3 books and i'll take the balls and hat ?
how about one ball and two books and i'll take one book one hat one ball ?
i would like the book and 2 balls please
i really like this book , it is by my favorite author . you can have all of the balls and the hat
ok , i will take all of the balls and the hat then
how about i give you all the balls and the hat and i take the book .
i really just need the book .
great
ok , i'll take the rest
i'd like the book .
deal
i want the book and balls .
you can have the hat and one ball .
i like to read too . i don't mind to have all the balls if you don't want them .
if i can have the balls you can have everything else
deal . thank you .
ok
would you accept just all the balls instead ?
deal .
can i have one book and two balls
all the balls if i get the hat too .
i'll take the ball . you can have the rest .
deal
it's the one with most value for me too : (
so long as we don't get punished for doing the best we can - you can have book if i get the rest of it
only books have value for me
not sure how they expect us to deal when there is no other leverage
okay
sorry i need the hats and balls
i understand . no deal
no deal
no deal
no deal
hi , i need 3 books and 2 hats
no deal then , i can`t , it`s low score for me
no deal
no deal
no deal
no i need the balls , 3 or 2 atleast
can i have the book with my 2 balls ?
can i have one hate ?
i will giv eyou the deal but i am not happy abou tit
yes
hello , u keep book and i ll take the rest
ok 2 balls for you and i get the rest
no can do sorry
no you cannot , sorry again
ok so you take two balls correct
tx
we can split the hats i'll take the ball you can have the books
i would be happy with just two hats
sounds good to me , thanks .
i'd like all the balls and one book
ok deal
i need the hat , 1 ball and 2 books
no hat no deal . i
i need the hat you can have the rest
yes
no on the hat , you can have 1 book and 2 balls
okay , guess we have no deal
okay , that i can do . so you get 1 hat and i get all the books and all the balls correct ?
okay , deal .
i would like the hat and the books .
i really need the hat .
can i have at least two books ?
deal .
just books
ok just hat and i keep the rest
one book then
no deal . if you get all the books what else would you need ?
2 balls and 1 book please ?
1 ball
may i have a hat ?
sounds good
yeah , i get the rest
sounds good
if i can have the book you can take the rest
ok sounds good
if i can have the ball and two hats you can have the rest
yes , will that work for you ?
ok , i get the book and one hat .
you can have the ball , but i want the books and the hats .
fine , you can have the ball and one book and i'll take the rest .
i would like the ball and one book . you can have the hat and one book .
i'd really like a book too . . can i have one ?
thanks . agreed .
ok
i would like the hat and one of the books .
would you settle with three books and a hat ?
i'd like 2 books 2 hats
yeah
i would like the books
ok . we split the books . can i have the hats ?
sounds good
what do you want ?
you may have exactly 1 book , ma'am .
yeah , and you can have the ball as well .
i should get everything
ok that works
okay , that won't work , i'd like the ball
sonds good
if you give me the books i will give you everything else .
how about you get 3 balls
ok you get one book
i just want the book
nodeal
deal
what would you like
i want the hat . you can have the rest
i want the hat . you can have the rest .
deal .
haha , you take the hats , ill take the rest
id like the hat and ball , , , books are yours
cant we do three books for you , hat and ball for me ?
deal
i want the ball and two books
ok
alright that works for me .
i get book , and one ball
if i give up the book im going to need all the balls and that hat .
i'd like the book .
deal .
how about i get the book , you get the balls and we split the hats ?
how about i take the book and balls and you get both hats ?
hello there ! i'd like the book and the hats , balls can be yours !
balls are no points to me . i assume hats are low points to you as well and the book is mediocre - - - i'll take 1 book , 1 hat you can have the rest ?
eh , i guess so . deal
i would like the hat , and a book , maybe a ball if you can
there is only 1 hat , that is bad deal for me , i need hat and either books or balls
no can not do that either . i need hat and both books or both balls
ok you take both balls i take books and hat
you can have all of the hats , if i get the rest
you can have all of the books if i get the hat and both balls
ok , final offer , i need both balls
deal
give me only the books and you can keep the rest .
okay great !
i like basketball .
okay . what about the book ?
okay .
you can have them off if i can have two hats
i can't read , you can have it .
could i have a ball , a hat , and one book please ?
i'm sitting at 4 without that ball , i need all three hats and the books without that ball .
that would work out very well .
the ball is key for me , i can give you 2 hats and the books if i can get the ball and 1 hat
that would leave me at 4 as well . i could give you the ball and books if i can get the hats
i need both balls and the book
you keep the book and i take the rest
agreed
well thats what i need too
that will not work for me , i will take 1 ball and 2 hats
the hat is a paramount for me , but i only need 1 other item in addition to it . so you can have the remaining 4
what's the hat worth for you ?
okay , i can go with that then , you take the hat , i take the others
i will take the hat and 1 ball . you can have all the books and 1 ball .
i must have the hat as well . i will just take the hat and you can take everything else .
the hat is worth 5 for me .
i want the ball and books .
how about give you the hat and one book ?
just give me one book and the ball .
no deal
i want one of each
deal
no . you can have the balls and 1 hat
no sorry i need both books
how about i get both books and 1 hat ?
sorry , no deal
no deal
deal
i would like 2 balls , 2 hats and 1 book
i can not have 1 book ?
you can have both books if i can have both balls and both hats
then i would like one book . . .
i get 2 balls , 1 hat 1 book
you can have both books and 1 hat
book and hats for me
2 hats and a book for me
you can have 1 book and 1 hat
deal
i would like the book please
ok
what would you like
no book
yeah no deal
yeah
ok you can have one ball and one hat since it's her birthday
the book and ball
i need the book mate
are you sure ?
really sure ? its for my grandmas birthday
she only likes books
gimme ball , thats all i want
me too , no deal ?
ok we wait for button
seems like it
same
i would like the ball and hat . you can have the 3 books .
sorry no . the ball is worth a lot to me .
no deal for me
yes , must keep going back and forth until it appears .
still a no deal here
you can have the two books and i can take the rest
i can not give up all of that , but you can have one book and both hats
okay no deal
my final offer is you taking the ball and i will take everything else .
okay no deal then
i would like two books and a ball .
i can compromise with the two books and one hat .
we have no deal then .
yep no deal .
as i previously stated no deal .
how about you let me keep all the balls ?
give me book hats and one ball
deal
hello , may i have the hat and 2 balls ?
i am mostly interested in the hat , you can have both books and a ball if i can have the hat and a ball .
we will not be able to make a feasible deal if i cannot have the hat
thank you , and you can have both books
i want the hat and books .
the balls have no points for me .
ok , you get the hat and balls .
hi , i would like the hat and balls and you can have the books .
is that the best offer you got ?
ok deal
how about i get one ball , one book , and you et the rest ?
yep
hi , i would like the hat and books and you can have the balls
ok . so you can have the balls and 1 book
i need 1 book at least
deal
hi i'd like the ball , the hat , and 1 book .
i'd rather have the ball and the hat . the ball is most valuable to me .
no can do , the ball is worth too much to me .
sorry , but i must have the ball no matter what . it seems we cannot reach a deal .
the "no deal was agreed" button is not yet active for me .
it is active now .
how about you take two books and the hat ?
i really want the ball . how about i take the ball and one book ?
i really need the ball . i'll give you all the books .
it does seem like we can't as i have to have the ball .
i don't see a no deal button . only a deal was agreed button .
i'd like books .
yep .
can i have the rest ?
i need you to offer me at least one of those .
deal .
i would like the ball and hat
ok . you take the hat , but i would like 2 books in exchange ?
okay that is fair .
you can have everything else if i can have the book .
you can have all the books or the hat . not both .
so you take all the books and i take everything else ? i'd do that .
i would like all the books and the hat
ok all the books , deal ?
yes , deal ?
i can't do that . i want the hat , and two balls , you can have both books .
fine , deal . you get both books and one ball .
i'd like two of the books and 1 ball and you can keep the rest
if i can get at least one ball we have a deal
how about both balls and a hat
one ball , one hat and a book then ?
what would you like ?
one ball and one hat .
no , thanks . you can have two hats and one hat .
gimme the books , you take rest
books are needed
ok
i need a book to go with a hat and ball
best offer is i give you two balls and a book
you want the one ball ?
okay deal : )
hi i would like the 10 balls please and you could keep the rest
yes sorry 1 ball
cool
two hats and one basketball ?
that's actually what i meant . deal !
can i get three hats and 1 basketball ?
how about two hats and two basketballs ?
i'd like the books and the hat
what would you like
deal
i want the books and balls
i must have the book
book is worth 7 to me
i can cede the balls , all of them but must have the book and at least 2 hats
me too
ok . . . you can have the book and ill take the rest . . . . it means you scoring more than me though ! enjoy
can i get a ball at least
so i get the hats and 1 ball and 1 book ?
deal
you can keep all the hats and i keep the rest .
how about you get 1 ball and the hats ? i take 1 book .
sure
i want one ball and two hats
ok
can i have 2 balls and 2 hats ?
you can have everything except the balls . i'll take just them .
i can give you the book and two hats , i need the rest
i can't do that
the book and two hats for you ?
i would like the ball and book please
i really want the ball and book
ok , how about the book and two hats
i would like the hats and the balls .
deal .
can i take one ball and the books ?
if i can have all of the books you can have the hats and the ball
thank you !
deal
deal
i'll take 2 hats and one book . you can take the rest
great
i would like the 2 balls and 1 book
great thanks !
that seems fair
i need the hat and books
all the balls to you for a hat and a book ?
then no deal
well no deal , keep it going
a book
can i have the books and the balls ?
you can have the hat and maybe a ball ?
nope , i need the books
no deal
we can try , what can you compromise ?
no way
what would you like from this deal ?
i'll give you the hat and i'll keep the rest .
no deal . hat or nothing .
1 hat and 1 book .
okay . i'll give you the ball then .
yes .
i would like the hat and 1 book
ill take the hat and the ball and you got a deal .
no deal
sorry , i need the ball
so i get the ball and you get everything else ?
deal , thanks !
you can have the hats ill take the rest
i guess thats fine
i was going to tell you the same thing . . . . . . . . . i'll take the hats and a book
hi there , i'd take the hat and 1 book , and you can have the rest .
cool .
that will work .
i would like the ball and 2 books
okay it is a deal
yes i would like the hat and books
okay thank you
i would like the hat and ball please
i have to have the ball . you can have all of the books
do you need the hat ?
ok
balls then hats here
the hats and book are mine
you get balls , i get rest
you have take everything except books
deal
the book and ball are both necessities to me . you can have all 4 hats .
i'll agree to you taking the ball , then .
you can take the ball and two hats .
hello . i would like the ball and 2 hats .
no thank you .
okay . thanks . so i take the ball and you the rest or what ?
okay deal .
you can have the ball and two hats .
i'd like the ball and 1 hat .
how about 1 book and the hat . and i get 2 balls and 1 book
thanks
i would like the books and the hat .
deal .
i would like all the books and the hat please .
i'll give you the hat if i can take the ball .
so i'm taking the ball and all the books ?
i need the hat . you just get the books .
deal .
yes .
i will need one ball in addition to the book .
deal .
you can have the book , i get everything else .
ok , fair enough , i get both hats and one ball .
can i have the books and the balls please ?
no , i have to have both balls if it has to make sense
yes
deal
can i have the hats and we split the balls ?
are you sure ?
ok , i'll take the hats
i could do with 2 balls and a hat
okay , i'll take the book and 1 hat .
i'd like the ball and the books ; are the hats of any value to you ?
yeah , i'll take three hats .
ill take hat and ball , you can have the books
i cant use any of the books
i would need the hat
i need ball and a book
books and hat to me , ball to you
ball and books to me
i would like the hats and basketball you can have the book
deal
id like the ball and book
i need one book atleast and the ball
great deal . you get both hats then and one book
ill take books you get the rest
deal
need hat and 2 balls 1 book
deal
give me all books , u take rest
take it . and i'll take the rest .
i want the book
deal
no deal , i would like the book and one ball
neither can i , i have to have the book
no deal , i will take 2 balls and 2 hats and you get 1 book ?
no deal even if i give you one hat with your book ?
me either it gives me hat hair
you take the hats , i take the book and the 2 balls
i can't make a deal without the book and both balls
if you take the book , i get the rest
not possible , no deal
the hats mean nothing to me
so no deal
i really need a ball but i could use a hat
sorry i have to have the ball .
that's fair
i need a ball , too ! but you can have it , if you give me the rest
i'll give you the ball if you give me the rest
hey there . how's it going . what are you looking for today ?
nope , sorry can't agree to that .
that works for me . sounds good
i need the ball and 1 book ?
sounds like a deal ?
fine , i will take the rest
yes
i'll take two hats , a ball and a book
nah ; i need the ball and at least a couple hats
two hats and 1 ball or no deal
yes
ha ha , no way ! you take the hats and i will take the ball and the book
you take the ball and 1 hat
so i get the book and 2 hats
fine
i'd like the hats and balls , you can have the books
let's do this , i'll take two hats you can have the rest
sorry , i need 3 books and one ball or hat
sure , deal
that doesnt work for me
i will take 2 balls and the hats
deal
you can have the hats if i get everything else
ok , how about two balls for me and one book ?
great
yes you can
can i get 2 books and 2 balls ?
no thanks . i'll take one hat and two balls . you can have the rest
1 hat 1 book
okay
i will need the the ball . i will offer you two books and the hat .
that will work - how many books will you require ?
so you only want the hat ?
deal .
i would like 1 hat and 1 ball
give me the hat and you can have the ball
none do you want books ?
yes
i'll take the ball and three books or ball and hat .
the hat and all the books .
if i can have the ball and the hat you can have all of the books
i can give you the hat and two books
that works !
can i have 1 ball you get the rest
1 book and 1 hat
nope i want 1 ball i ll give 1 hat 1 book
okay
i cant do that id take the ball and 1 book and 1 hat .
you only want 1 book and 1 hat ?
cant do that ill take all the books and hats and you can have the ball .
ok i get 3 books and 2 hats you get the ball .
could i have a ball and the hat kindly ?
if i let got the hat i need a book
sounds about right
no , i will need at least one of those , preferably the hat .
so i get the hat and three books and you get a book and the ball ?
ok , i agree to that .
can i have two books and one ball ?
okay that works ! thank you !
what if you take both books and i get both balls and we split the hats
if i can have the balls and the hat you can have all of the books
okay deal .
could i have a ball and two books ?
let me get the books and one of the balls .
i would like the hat and the books please
you can have one book if i can have the other two and the hat
okay deal . you get the books i get everything else .
i get just the hat ?
no deal . you can have the books or the balls but no hat
what would you like
i need books
i need books or no deal
one hat
no i need hat with books , or two balls
no can do . how about i keep the ball , and you can have everything else .
i would like the hat and the ball .
i agree .
deal
gimme the hat and books
i was really hoping for the book .
i'll take all the hats and the book .
i'll take the hats and a ball and give you the book .
if i can have the hats and the ball you can have the book
okay deal
you can have hats if i get book and ball
i'd like the two books , you can have the rest .
ok
i'd like the book . you can have all the hats
sure you get everything
i would like one hat and the book
and the balls ?
ok
ok deal
i just wan the hat please
thx
i need the ball
ok
i would take the book and the ball you can have the hats
well i can take the book and hats and you can have the ball ?
i need that hat and one book
neither can i
i can give you both balls and both books but i need at least the hat
okay , no deal
no deal button not showing up for you ?
i need the hat and one of the balls
i can't make a deal without the hat
impasse
yeah , the books are worthless to me and the hat's 6 , so we're at no deal
nd
hat and book are the only points for me . i'm willing to split this down the middle somehow , but balls are no use to me .
hat is a little higher for me . . . i'll take hat you take book and balls ?
i'd like hat and book .
then i'll take balls and either hat or ball .
deal .
i'd like the book , and two balls . you can have the hat and a ball .
what do you want then ?
how about i take the book , a hat and one ball ? you'd get two balls . even then i'd be taking a bit of a loss .
ok great . deal .
not going to happen
i am a coach , i want all three balls
that would work
thanks
you take the hats , i take the balls and the book
okay ,
deal
if i can have the balls you can have the rest
okay great ! thank you !
you can have the ball if i can have the rest of it .
i'll take the hat and 2 books .
i'm sorry that's not going to work . i'll need the hat and two books .
sorry . that's not going to work with me . i want two books and 1 hat .
our values are different from eachothers . you don't know my value , i don't know your values .
may i have the ball ?
no . i'll take the ball and the hat , then you can have the rest .
you can have the hat and one boo .
you don't need those things . one hat and one book , final offer .
that would give you 6 and me 4 . not going to work . i want an extra book . you'll still be getting more than me .
all the hats ?
i like books though . how about you take all the hats , and i take the book and the ball .
alright , even though its a loss for me , you take the book , and i'll take the rest .
if i can have the hat the rest is yuours
you can have all the hats and the ball
the book is 10 for me . . . . the rest are worth nothing , so . . . i must have the book or we're not going to have a deal
sure . deal
how about you get 3 balls and the 2 hats , and i get the 2 books
i would like 2 balls and 1 book
how about i keep both balls and no book
okay ill keep 1 ball and 1 book and split 2 hats each
i need 1 ball . you can have 1 and the book . split the hats ?
book has no value to me . need 1 ball
i'd like two books and a hat
ok
hey there , i'd like the ball and 1 hat , hows that sound ?
so , deal ? : ) - - i get 1 ball , 1 hat , you get the rest ?
that sounds fair .
correct .
i'd like the book and 2 balls
i get the rest
hey , i want a book and 2 hats
how about i take the book and a hat and you take the ball and two hats ?
then no deal
i can give you 3 books but not the hat
no way
i would like the hat and 3 books i like to ready in the shade
can i have the hat and the one ball ?
the hat and one book ?
would you trade a hat for the book ?
ok , i agree to your initial offer then .
the book and ball please
no
i need the hat or i can't make a deal
no : ( sorry , it's worth 9 points , so there's nothing i can do
filler until we get the no deal button - agree no deal
sometimes it's just a no win situation
doodedoo
hi i would like the hat and books and you can have the ball
i need the hat too . guess we wont be making a deal
i understand . no worries
yes agree
yep . win some lose some
i want the book and 2 basketballs you can have the hats
no deal i can give you 2 hats and 1 basketball
i can't give up the book . i will take the book you can have the rest
so do i
well that isn't good
how about i get 1 book and 1 hat
1 book and 1 hat . final offer
i need the book
no deal then
sorry
hi i would like the hat and balls and you can have the books
ok
how about i trade you two balls for a book , so i get a book and hat
id like the books and one ball . . . . a ball and hat for you
annoyingly reasonable . . . 8 ^) . . . ill agree
i want the ball and a book and the hats
either the ball and a book , or the ball and both hats . final offer
i'll take both books and the hats ?
i want the ball and books .
give me the ball and one book . you can have the rest .
the hat has no points for me .
yes !
i just wan the hat please
deal
ok if i give you the hat then i need the ball and 3 books .
hi . i'm sending you 1 of each items i have
yes
just to be clear , i get the book , hat and a ball ?
deal
i'd like the hat and books . what do you want ?
why would you want the balls if they don't have value to you ?
if i can have all the books , i could do the deal . i won't love it , but that's compromise , right ?
that leaves no value to me at all , actually . i'd like the hat and the balls , or we can try to divide them up .
the balls are of minimal value ; hence trying to compromise for the book and keep it even .
i think that's fair ; crappy point distribution here . i get hat , 2 balls . . you get 3 books ?
i would like to offer you one ball
i appreciate your easy negotiating
deal
deal
what if i take the hat and two books ?
deal
i want all the hats and one ball
deal
deal .
one ball and one book and its done
you
ok deal
can i get the ball and 1 book
? who is that for
i get all the balls you get the rest .
you take the balls , i get the books and hats
i can't do that
you take the balls and 1 book , that is fine
i will take the balls but i need 1 book
just 1 book and 3 balls ?
i'd love the balls and the books .
how about i get the balls and the hats ?
i meant the books and the hats sorry
i would also love the balls , not so much the books
i ain't leaving without one ball minimum
sure , you get 2 books 2 hats
i would really like a hat
works for me
if i can have all books the hat and ball are yours
cool . . . deal
i'll take the book and hat , you can have all the balls
deal
sorry , i need the ball and 4 hats
sorry , need the ball and 4 hats or it`s not fair on my side
no deal then
no deal
books are quite good to me , split books , you get hats
hello . if i can have both books , you are welcome to everything else .
that seems fair to me . deal .
hi , you can have hat and one ball
one ball
hat is 0 for me
fine
hi , i only need the balls
one hat and 2 balls , deal ?
2 balls and you can keep the hat
ok , 2 balls for me and thats it
hi , can i have the ball and 2 hats ?
i won`t deal without the ball
then we won`t be dealing today sorry
no deal
no deal
ball has to be mine
same
then no deal , keep the chat rolling
no deal
no deal
i can you give you the 3 balls , but i need the 1 book and 1 hat .
sorry , i really need the book and the hat
thank you for your cooperation .
hi i would like the balls and hat and you can have the book
could i get the balls and the book ?
ok , ill take the balls and you can have the book and hat
i can not give you the hat . but you can have all of the balls .
thats sounds good to me !
hi , i'd like all of the balls and the hat .
i can give you the book and the hat then . and itake all the balls . fair ?
can i have the book and two balls please ?
okay , i will take the book and you take the rest
everything is worth 1 except the book to me . i need the book and two items or you can have the book and i'll take everything else .
ill give you one book and the balls
deal
can i have the books and a two balls please ?
thats if i take the hat too .
deal
i want the book and one hat
no i want the book and both hats thats fair
yes i tried to give you a hat but i'll take them both
you could have both hats cuz they're zeros for me . can i have all balls and the book ?
so i get all balls ?
hi there , i'd take the book and 1 hat .
cool .
i just want the ball . you can have the rest .
i 'll give you 1 book and 1 ball
no i 'll give you 2 books and 1 ball
i need at least one of the hats if i am taking the rest
i need the ball and a hat or i can not make a deal
yes
i'd like all the hats , you can have the rest .
you can have two hats if i get a book and two hats .
so you take the ball and two hats and i take the rest , right ?
you take ball and one book
yeah i need the hats sorry*
deal
ball , one book and one hat
okay ball and two book
deal
give me balls and hat , you take rest
give me balls and 2 books
yes
i can't make a deal without the hat .
okay , so i'll take the hat and 2 books ?
if i can have the ball you can have the books and the hats
ok
what if i get the hat and book and you take the rest ?
okay deal
you can have all of the books , if i get 1 hat and 1 ball
no , i need the hat
i would like the books and the hat
sure i can't have the hat too ?
fair enough . . . agreed .
okay
great
i would like the books and the ball .
deal .
let me have 3 balls a hat and the book
no way , i need much more than the book
and i can have the balls too ?
ok deal
i would like the hats and 2 balls please
that isn't a fair deal at all . you can have the book .
if you get the book , i want both hats
i need at least 1 ball
i would like the 2 books
how about 2 books and 1 ball for me ?
ok
that will work .
you take all hats and i keep the rest
one ball and we call it
i can take all the hats , but i would need at least 1 more item of your choosing .
deal
the hat and 2 balls ploease and you could keep the three books and a ball
so you just want the books and i could keep the rest ?
done deal
what would you like ?
you can keep all of the balls , i just want the books
yes
i need hat , gift from gramps . and one ball .
that would be ok if any of the others were worth anything to me
hat has my name inscribed on it
ok , so hat mine and both books , deal
i would like the hat and 1 ball ?
sorry i can not give up the hat . how about i keep the hat and you get the rest ?
nothing else is worth anything to me either , i need the hat
afraid not , i will take the hat
no the hat is mine , you get the rest
ok sounds good
i'd like one ball , you can have everything else
i need both balls and a hat
i need both balls , you can have the book and both hats
i need one ball and one book , the rest to you
deal
i'd like ball . you can have rest .
ok that sounds like a good deal
i need the balls and 1 hat
i'd like the books and hats , you take the balls
deal
i need the book and a ball ?
deal then
ok
deal
i'll take 3 books , 1 hat , and the ball .
you can have 3 books and the hat . i need the ball .
fine you can have the ball if i can have all the books and hats .
fine you can have the ball , 1 hat , and 1 book .
no deal . you can have all the books if i take the hats and the ball .
okay , so no deal was agreed ?
can't do that . i need the ball and either all books , or three books and a hat .
i can't give up the ball , the ball is of highest value to me .
i can't do that either .
how about a ball , and either two hats and a book or two books and a hat ?
i don't think we're going to make a deal today .
no deal was agreed . sorry .
good evening ! i'd like the balls and the hat if you don't object .
i suppose i can also agree to that .
i'd like the hat , the rest to you
great , thanks
okay deal
i'd like books . you can have rest .
i need the book and hat
okay
i can offer all 3 balls
i can't give the book , i'll offer the hat and 2 balls
id like the balls please
ok
hi , sorry but i can`t do that , it`s not fair on my part , i can have the 2 balls and 2 hats . you can have the rest
i want the book and two hats
hmmm , ok i take the book and a hat
i would like the hats and something else .
give me three of any object and we can make a deal .
deal .
give me the hat and two books .
deal .
i can give you all three books , but i need the hat and balls .
id like the book and the balls . . . hats to you
deal
you get 2 hats and a ball . . . i get the book and a ball
deal .
you can have all boks if i can have hat and ball
would you be willing to give up the hat or do you need it ?
ok , i can make that deal
i would like the books and the hat , you may have all the balls .
i think i really need the hat . how about i take the hat and one book ?
ok , you may have all the balls .
indeed . i can only let you have that one if i get everything else though . it is one of a kind after all .
ah , that won't work very well . how about you take both hats and i get the rest ?
i'd hate to break up the set . i could give you both hats and the ball .
i get the ball and books ? done .
i hear basketballs are in season this year . . . . .
i was thinking more like you take the ball and i'll take the rest
could you spare a book also ?
i'll take the hats . . . . you take the rest
how about i take the ball and we split the hats evenly ?
i can give you the ball if i get everything else .
okay , agreed .
you can have the hats if i can have the ball and book
i cannot give up the ball because it is too valuable to me
i cannot agree to that as i need the ball and book
i'd like 2 hats , 1 book and 1 ball please .
i can give you 2 books , but not 2 hats . how about 2 books and 2 balls , no hat ?
deal . confirming you get 2 books , and 2 balls and i get all the hats .
i need 2 books and 1 hat or 2 hats and 1 book .
deal .
hi i would like the books and hat and you can have the balls
deal
i will give you the balls and i want the books and the hat
deal - the balls and books for me ?
how about i'll just take the hat ?
hey there ! i'd like the ball and the books . you keep the 3 hats ?
i'll take 1 of each , you take 2 hats , 1 book ?
i would prefer some books .
sounds great !
hi can i have a ball , a hat , and a book ?
okay .
id go for a ball and a hat
what would you like today ?
i need the hat because i just moved to texas but am willing to share the balls and books
deal
i'd like 2 books and a hat
i'll take 3 books 1 ball
ok
i would like both hats and you can have the rest .
sorry , i can't give up any hats . you can have the book and the balls though .
i want the hat and two balls
hi ! i can give a hat , but i really need the single book , but will give the ball .
i will concede the book only then .
hey , i want a hat and a book
i need the book . everything is yours except the book ?
agreed
ill take the ball and you can have the rest .
hi there ! i'd love the hat and book .
i'm fine with that .
i would as well . how about you take the book and the balls ? i'll take just the hat ?
then we have a deal . thank you
i'd like 1 of each please .
no deal , i need the hat , but you can have the book .
okay , guess we'll have to agree on : no deal was agreed .
setting all my nummbers to 0 and waiting for the no deal was agree button .
no deal was agreed
i can give you the balls but i need the hat and 1 book
i need the hat too i will take the hat only
ok
no deal
no button for me .
hi , iwould like the book and balls and you can have the hat
ok , thats fair . deal
can i have at least one ball and the hat ?
could i have the books and 1 of the balls
hi . ill take the hats and balls and you can have the books
deal
ok how about you the balls and the hats
never
no deal my friend
no deal
click on no deal then
if i can have the book and the balls you can have the hats
i can not accept that . if i can have the book and the hats you can have the balls
i need the book or i can not make a deal .
no deal .
no deal .
give me hat and books
hat and 2 books to me
me neither . . . . no deals
yes yes
nope
you can have all of the books , but there's no way i can give up the hat . i'd like the hat and two balls , you take all the books .
i am not giving up the hat . there's no way i can .
ok , no deal . we have to keep saying "no deal" until the green button appears .
no deal
no deal
ok
i just want the book you can have the rest
hello . i would like the books and two balls . you can have all of the hats .
okay , i'll take the book and one ball .
hats are very low value to me , how about 1 ball each , and i get the hats you get the book ?
i can do 2 balls and 2 books i get the hats
i would like 2 balls a hat and a book
ok deal
you can have both books if i can have the ball and hats
that won't work for me . i need the books and you can have the rest
and one ball ?
then i will take it
hi i would like the books and balls and you can have the hats
no sorry that wont work for me . i can offer you the hats and 1 book
no sorry hats and 1 book is the best i can do
you can have the three hats but i would like the ball and the books
okay so i get two books and two hats ?
okay that works . thank you !
i'd like the ball & 3 hats
you can have the books . i'll take 1 hat and the ball .
yup
deal
no way , you can have both books , i get the ball .
no , but you can have the ball if i can have both hats and both books .
ok deal
i would like the ball and both books .
if you want the ball , i want both books and both hats .
how about i get one book and the ball . you can have the rest .
deal
i also want the book .
you can have the basketball .
you take the book , and i take the hats and basketball ?
ok deal .
i would like the book and a hat
i do not agree
no i hate basketball , i have the book you take the rest
yes i take book , you take 3 hats and 1 ball
i want the basketball and two of the hats .
okay , that works for me .
how about the basketball and one hat
hi i would like the ball and hats and you can have the books
ok deal
no can't do that
ok you get one book thats all
if i can have the books you can have the rest
i can not make a deal without the book
that's correct
i'll take the book and 2 balls . you can have the hats and 1 ball .
no i have to have the book and at least one of the other items .
okay we can do that .
cna i have the book and 1 ball ? you can have the rest .
the book has high value for me . so i'll take the book & you can have the rest .
ok books for me & the rest for you . thank you .
ok , can i have a few other objects in addition to the balls ?
can i have both ?
deal .
i don't want any basketballs
want any books ?
if i can have the hats , you can have both books and all the balls .
i would at least need 1 ball as well
great
hello . how does it sound if i get the balls and you get the rest ?
okay , i'll take 3 balls .
you can have hat , i need both balls and 1 book .
gimme hat and balls
ok
only one hat , i need the hat and the balls
deal
id like the ball and 2 hats
ill take just the ball
i would like the ball and the books .
i agree .
i'd go for 2 hats and a book
if i take the basketball and books you can have the hats
take that i'll take the rest
i need the basketball or no deal
can i at least have one hat ? it`s kinda low on my side without one hat
i want the 2 hats and the book please
okay you can have 1 hat
ha , you can take all the book , i will take the hats and the ball
i get the hats
sounds good
you can have one book
i want the ball and the books
you get the hats and nothing else
you can have the ball and 3 books , i have to have the hat that is non negotiable
no hat for me and there is no deal
we obviously keep working together , make the deal for me this time and next time i will make the deal for you
clearly we keep getting paired . i have to have the hat
i need the hat you can have the rest
i'd like hat and ball .
i also have to have the hat .
okay . no deal till button then .
no way . we may never get paired again . how would i know ? that's silly .
it's random every time .
hats and ball to me
i don't need any hats .
may i have a book and two balls
i need both hats and the book
yes
deal
i would give you a book and a ball .
you can have two hats but , i would need the rest
then you can have one ball and two hats
i'd like the ball and 2 hats .
i need the ball and either 2 hats or 2 books
sounds great . thanks
i would like the hats and the balls .
deal .
i could offer you both hats but not the balls
deal
i want the book . you can take the rest .
sounds good to me , thanks .
sorry i need one hat . i also need the book . have you considered you only have one head ?
you sure you don't want some basketballs ? i have no value for the basketballs . on the other hand , if i don't take a hat with me , i'm getting a raw deal .
i don't think we can agree to anything sadly , not getting a hat just puts me in a tough spot .
it'll light up when the hit takes long enough , but i just need a book and a ball
ok i'm taking the book and a hat . didn't mean to get you excited , but the ball was a typo .
let me get those hats , cowboy .
the other is for my little cowboy if you know what im talking about . gonna be honest those hats are the only thing of value for me and just one kind puts me out .
i'm sorry to hear those balls arnt worth anything for either of us i think maybe we are both getting a raw deal in points here on the items =( last i'll ask if i can't have hats i'm afraid we are going to be at an impass
well i dont know how to get that little no deal button to light up and unfortanlly this has went well past being worth 15 cents so lets move on you can take whatever you care to i'll take a hat and a ball .
welp im in this to make some money not negotiate for that extra 5 cent bonus =p so let me know what you are taking and run with it .
can i have two books and 1 ball
deal
i would like the ball and the hats please .
i can't give up the ball unfortunately .
deal . thank you .
i'd like the book . any chance i can have the ball ?
ok . i will take the book , you take everything else ?
how about you take one hat and one ball ?
ok , i agree to that .
hello , can i have 2 hats and 1 ball
how about 3 hats
thanks
you can have the two balls
no hat what about one book ?
okay you can have the hat
i would enjoy if i could have the hat and two of the balls
and the hat ?
i cannot let the hat go , i'll give you everything else if i can just have the hat .
i want two hats and a book
agreed ; ) and good luck on your quest !
greetings , i am the great chartreuse power ranger , i would request just one ball and one book and you could have the rest . i must fight evil doers !
fare the well !
i would like all the books and one ball
how about all the hats then for one ball and one book ?
that wont work i need the ball and 1 book
i can not use the hats at all
sounds fair
i just want the ball .
ball and 2 hats
ok so how about you tell me what you need
ok
what would you like
no can do ,
you take all hats
i'd love 2 hats and a ball .
deal
id love the ball and 3 books
so you get 2 hats
okay deal .
i need 2 balls and 1 hat . you can have the books
you can have all the hats if i can take everything else .
can i have the hats please ?
thats a deal
i would like the hats .
sounds like a deal
would you like the hats ?
can i have the rest if you get the hats ?
awesome , glad we could both get what we wanted .
yes , i'd like both hats
sure
i'll take the books , you can have everything else
fantastic !
deal .
i need the book also , you can have the hat
i have to have the book , that is a deal breaker
ok i take book you get the rest
i'd like the book and the hat .
the book is a must . you can keep the rest .
ok . i will let you have the book if i get the rest .
the hats and the balls .
that's fine , just let me have the balls and you can have the books .
what would you like ?
i also like the hats , can we split them ?
i'll take the books and 1 hat then
i would like 1 ball 1 hat and 1 book
then how about 1 ball , and 3 hats
ok 1 ball 3 hats deal
take four hats and call it a deal
i can maybe do a ball and a hat but i'm not giving up the book .
yea , i can give you one ball and three hats .
i get ball and books you get all the hats
no deal
you get ball i get the rest
no way . i guess we don't have a deal
negotiation time
give me books and 2 hats
give me books and ball
i get books 3 hats
no deal
gimme books , you take rest
i will take the balls , can you give up the hat
i will take all the balls then
if i can have the book and the hat you can have all of the balls
i can not . i need both the hat and the book .
okay great ! thank you !
may i have 3 balls and a hat ?
ok
so 2 balls and the book for 2 balls and 2 hats ?
ok
i need 1 ball , 2 hats and the book if you take 3 balls
i was wrong , i have to have 2 balls and the book
i need two balls and the book
how about all hats for you and i keep the rest
i m not ok
hat
no
yeah no deal
i would like all the balls and any 2 items of your choosing .
so 3 balls and the book for me ? i'm ok with that .
i need all the balls and 1 other item then .
ok . 3 balls and 1 hat for me ?
no deal then .
what do you think of this deal ?
i'll take the ball and 1 hat . you can have the rest .
i need the book , but both basketballs is fine
sure !
can i get both basketballs and the book ?
can i take both basketballs and 2 hats ?
you get 1 book and 2 hats , i get 1 hat and 1 ball
i can't do that i will take the ball but i need at least 1 book
both books and both hats for me
deal
i can't give up the hat . i would like the hat and 4 of anything of your choosing .
so you get the balls and i get the rest ?
i would like the hat and the balls .
ok , i guess give me just the balls then .
i'll take the basketballs , you can have the rest
deal
ok deal
how about the ball and 1 book ? and i get the rest .
i'd like the ball and books
ok deal
i'd like to keep the book and the balls . i don't need the hats .
you can have the hats and one ball . and i will keep the rest .
i'll trade the hats for the book and balls
i'll trade two of my balls for one book
deal
i would like both hats and the ball
deal
you can have both hates and one book .
agreed then . thank you .
the book and hats
what would you like
i will give you the book and 1 hat
i want the books and a hat
the books and the ball ?
ok just the books for me then
how about just the books ?
i don't think i can give either up if you take all the balls .
i would like the ball and the hat .
give me the ball and take everything else , final offer .
i would also like the ball and the hat .
deal
i'd like the books and the hat .
ok i'll take the books and the hat ?
you can have the balls .
ill give you the books if you give me 1 ball
just the books
no
deal
gimme book and a ball
gimme book and one hat
i'll take both hats if you want everything else ?
yes
hmmm , i want the book tho
ok deal
if i can have the book you can have the other stuff
i'll straight up tell ya the book is worth 10 for me and the hats and balls are worth 0 , its the book or nothing its the only thing i got here
hi , i would like the books and ball and you can have the hat
same for me , if i cant have the ball i would need everything else
i want the books . nothing else has any value for me
so split the books one each ?
you can have it , and the hats . they're zero for me and maybe we can't leave them on the table ?
what are you looking to get out of this ?
same
sounds good , split the basket ball ?
gimme books and ball
gimme all books
no deal
nope
i can not accept that deal . . . if i can have the hat and the balls you can have the book
i can not accept that . i think we both need the same things and won't be able to make a deal
no deal .
no deal .
no deal .
hi , i would like the hat and book and you can have the balls .
i'm sorry i cant accept that . the best i can do is i take the hat and you can have the book and the balls .
ok . i understand . no deal then .
no deal .
i agree . no deal
give me the hat and balls
i need hat or no deal
no deal . you can have both hats and a book
neither do i .
we have to conversate back and forth for the button to appear
yep
no button yet
i'll take both balls and a book
without the balls i have no mathmetical out
click on "no deal" then
ahh . . . . hmmm . . .
still ?
i need the hats and 2 books
so i get a hat , 1 ball and 2 books ?
that won't work . i need either both hats or 1 hat , 2 books and 1 ball
no deal then
no deal
i need the hats as well . if we can split the difference i will take one of each and you can have one hat and the two books
no i will get one ball , one hat , and one book and you will get one hat and two books
that isn't going to work for me . i need the hats and the ball .
okay no deal .
no deal .
i can make that deal and take the 4 hats
i would like the book and balls , you can have all the hats
i can do that
if i can have the balls you can have the hat and book
take the balls and a hat . . leave me the books and a hat
deal !
i need the hats and balls
deal !
i would like 2 hats and 1 book please
deal . thank you
would you consider the hats and the ball while i get the books ?
i can give you 2 if you give me 1 book , 1 hat and 2 balls ?
great , thanks !
how many of those balls are you going to give me ?
deal
ok
i have the have the ball and the books
i can't make a deal without the ball
okay
i want the ball and hats
you can have the books , and one hat - i need the ball
okay , then i get both hats , you get the rest
gimme book and hat
gimme book hat and 2 balls
gimme book and 2 balls
no
no
ok
you take the books , i will take the hat and the ball
okay deal .
i can have everything else ?
gimme hat
yes
i'll take the ball , you can have everything else
ok deal
that doesn't work for me . you can have the ball and hats if i get both books .
if we split the books , i need the ball and one hat
i will the the hat and the books . you can have the balls .
you take 1 ball and 1 book . i take the hat , 1 ball , and 1 book .
okay you take 2 balls and 1 book . i take the hat and 1 book .
i need ball and one book
2 balls and book for me
i would like the hat and 2 balls
nope . hat and one ball
no . i want the hat and all the balls
thanks
three balls if i can have the rest .
i'm sorry - - what i meant is you can have all the balls . they are 0 s for me . could i please have the hat as well as the books ?
okay .
do you have any books ?
i have 3
i have 2
ok , and i'll give you the 3 hats if you give me 2 balls .
i have one . do you have any hats ?
what about basketballs ?
okay , how's this . . . you take the book .
sounds good .
i would like 1 hat and 2 books ?
ok how about i take 3 books and the ball ?
alright i will take the 3 books and you take the hat and ball
i have to have the hat and the ball , you can have the books
i have to have the hat and the ball
deal
hey , i want 1 of each
how about i take one book and one hat and you take the rest ?
i would like 2 balls and as many hats as you can spare
sounds good
i need the book but you can have the balls if i can keep the hats
okay so you are getting the balls while i get the rest correct ?
i would like the balls and the book .
deal .
yes .
can i have the balls and a book please ?
balls and either a book or hat then
just balls then
one hat deal
what item are you most interested in ?
okay that works for me .
just the two books and you could keep the rest
great
ok , i get rest
i want both balls
deal
i'd like a ball , a hat and a book .
maybe you should just take everything .
i really need 2 hats , what if you take both books and we split the balls
ok thanks
ok
i'll take the balls and 1 hat
gimme the book and teh ball
book and 2 hats to me , rest to you
ouch , give up one more hat and we got it
no deal ?
can't do it
book and two hats to me , plus a bean burrito
no , i need the ball and the hats
i need the ball and 2 hats
i can't
i have to have the ball and 2 hats or the ball and the book
what is your final offer
fine
ok , i was about to offer the same thing so that's perfect .
i need the hats you can have the ball and the book
can i have 2 hats and 2 books
i would agree to keep 2 books for me and 2 balls , you can have the hats and a book
i have to have book . you can have the rest .
i would like the cowboy hats and books , please .
sounds good .
i need the two books and the hats
i got to have the both books
i am not trading the books for anything
i get the two books ?
the balls and one book for me
balls and one book for me
everything else to me then
yes
hi , i need the book only
ok
is there anyway i could get 2 books and a hat ?
ok that will work ! so i will get 1 book and 1 hat and you will get 1 book and 3 balls ?
i can give you 1 book a hat
deal .
you take the book and i take the rest . that's what you said right ?
okay you're making this complicated . i'll take the two hats and 1 ball . you get the rest .
no deal . i can do 1 hat and 3 balls .
that's 3 points for me . no deal .
i can only do 1 hat and 3 other items or both hats . otherwise we're at no deal .
no deal .
i would like your book .
what would you like .
no i am asking what you would like for your book
ill give you 2 balls and a hat
can't do that . ill give you 3 balls
that will be 3 points for me as well
alright no deal .
i'd like the book and some hats . . . let's talk !
sounds great ! deal
i'll take theball , the rest to you
not gonna happen
ok
i need the three balls and hat and you could take all the books
okay then i will just take three balls and you could take the rest !
i would like 1 book with hat and ball .
4 books tome is okay , i guess
yes
i'd like the ball and hat . you can have all the books .
i can let you have the hat and two books if i get the ball and the other two books .
ok , so you get the books and i get the hat and ball ?
ball must be mine
ball and one hat for me
1 ball ad 3 hats please
ok i get the rest
i would like all balls and you can have the rest
great deal
deal
the hat and one and one book
deal
i must have the hat . you can have everything else if i can have the hat .
i'd like the hat and book .
then i'll take the book . you take the hat and balls ?
deal
what do you need ?
thats pretty much what i need . or the hat and the balls .
that works or me .
gimme a book with my ball
i would like the hat and the books .
deal .
i need the hat and the book
i have to have the book , you can have the rest
i have to have the book or i can't make a deal
the balls have no value to me
i need the book and you can have the rest
no book no deal
how about i keep the book , and you have the hat and all of the balls ?
that doesnt work for me . how about you keep the rest ?
seriously ? you can't barge with having 4 balls and a hat ?
wouldnt you feel like such a good semaritan if you let me have the ball ?
nope .
i would like three books and the hat .
that will work , thanks .
how about 4 books and the ball ?
ill give you a ball for a hat
how about i keep all the books and aball
how about you take all books and i keep the rest
fine
ill take the hat and balls if that's ok ?
i need the hat as well
hat and 1 ball i could get by with
i really need that hat , could you get by with just the balls ?
how about you just take the hat
lets do it then
can't do that . i need the balls
deal
give me balls and hat
gimme balls you have rest
i need the book and 2 hats
i have to have the book , you can have the rest
without the book , there is no deal
ok , lets do it
i'd like all of the hats .
you can have the book but i cannot give up both balls
you can have the book and one ball . i cannot give up a hat
that will have to work
if i can have the book and the balls you can have all of the hats
okay then can i have the book , one ball , and one hat ?
if that's the case i need the book and both balls
okay thank you !
how about 1 book and 2 hats ?
for you ?
ok , how about you keep the ball , i keep the rest ?
you can have the hats if i can have the books and ball
for you ?
i would need the ball
ok
i would be happy with both balls
okay you can have both balls but i would like the rest
i'd like the two hats , you can keep the rest .
i agree .
i will take the book and basketballs you can have the hat
you can have 1 book and 1 hat i will take the rest
i will take 2 books and you can have the rest
i would like 2 books and 1 hat
no deal
deal
what kinds of items do you need ?
okay , i'll get the book , and one hat . you can have the rest . so that's 3 / 3 split even between us .
okay , i'll get the book and one hat . thanks . that's a deal .
i need some hats
sound good ! . i can do that
can i have the book and maybe 1 ball ?
great
hello . i would like all the balls
okay i'll take three balls and the hats
can i have two balls and the book ?
i need the hate and book as well . i can take the book and one ball and you can have the hat and two balls .
we don't have a deal then .
i'm sure . the balls are useless to me as well .
ok , deal
i can give you two balls if that works .
i really need the hat and book to make this work . how about i give you all three balls
the balls are useless to me . i need the hat and book or we can't make a deal
are you sure you can't take all three balls ?
how about i give you the book and you give me everything else then .
i cant accept that . how about i get the balls and book and you can have the hats ?
cant accept that . no deal .
ok deal .
i would like the balls and the hats ?
well i cannot accept that , how about i ger the balls and one hat and you get one hat and a book .
well i will keep the balls and you get the rest then . that will have to do .
ok thanks
i'll take a book and a ball .
ok .
i'll take book . you can have everything else .
hi
how about i take the ball and the hats
the ball is the only thing i want so no deal
no deal sorry
the book and one hat for you is ok . . . i need 2 balls and one hat
i need the book and the hats .
deal .
i'll take the hats and the ball
okay
i'l take balls and book if you want the hats
i would need one of the hats and the balls to at least get 5 / 10
you can have all the balls if i get the book and the hats .
i can do that . i get the book and one hat , you get the rest .
i'd like both books and the hat .
i'll take one book and all the balls then ?
what would you like ?
that is what i wanted also
ok
i'd like a hat , ball and 5 books
how about i take the books and balls , you keep the hats
yes
deal
yes
ok on the books . five hats and a ball for me .
first time with this hit . i think it says we have one book , two hats , and two balls . is that what you see ?
take the book and the two balls , and i'll have the two hats .
how do we submit / end ?
agreed . i am not able to submit . can you ?
i'd like all the books and the hat
deal
i would like the hat and basketball you can have all the books
you can have the ball and one hat
i need the books .
i need one hat as well
i'll take the books you can have the rest
lemme get that ball and the hats
one ball , one hat , one book .
well keep all the books and let me have the other 3 .
naw you want a hat , you don't need . you're asking me for a 4 / 2 split that isn't going to fly .
deal .
i'll take the hats and a ball
hi . i'll take the books and balls and you can have the hats
deal
deal .
i can give you the ball if you give me everything else .
i think we might both be in the same boat , what one has more value to you ?
if i give you the hat i would like to have all 3 of the balls
the sum of the book and balls doesn't equal the sum of the hat to me
i can make that deal .
i would like the book and the hat .
i would prefer the hat - may i have the hat and two balls ?
i cannot accept just one object so i will need at least one ball .
ok , can i have the book and balls and you take the hat then ?
i would like the books and the balls
deal
any chance we can split the balls ? we each get 3 items ? i'll take the hats and 1 ball ?
i just want hats .
i'll take the books and at least one basketball .
okay , you take the hats , i'll take the books and basketballs .
i cannot really give up the book .
can i have a hat as well ?
ok , how about a ball instead ?
i want one of each .
ok , you get the book , i take the rest .
that would be very unfair to me .
ok , you get one ball and the book .
i will take the books and the hat .
ok , not great deal , but i can live with it .
i would like the hat and balls .
i can't give up the hat . you can have the books .
sounds good . you take the books . i'll take the hat and balls . deal !
that works
yes
can i get the balls and the hats ?
so i get two hats and two balls , right ?
deal
hello . if possible , i'd like the ball and two books please . i'd be willing to give you both hats .
i definitely can't give up the ball . i need the ball and two books .
is that your final offer ? you can do both books and a ball ?
alright . i will take one book and one ball . you can have one book and one hat . deal ?
how about a ball and 1 hat
i can do a ball and book
1 book 1 ball
i would like 2 balls and 1 book
i must have the balls
i would like the ball and both books
yeah , i want 1 ball and 2 books
i can give you the books but i would like the balls and hats
i can split them with you .
i can't give you both balls i need at least on with the hats .
done
i would like the ball and both hats .
i can't give up the ball
i need the ball as well , i can't do the deal without the ball and at least 1 hat
i can't give up the ball though .
no deal .
nothing .
so you get both books and i get the rest ?
i would like the ball and one book . you can have the hats and one book .
i need the ball . you can have everything else .
i don't need the hats . you can have them .
i need the ball . you can have everything else .
what are the books worth to you ?
okay , you can have the ball if i get both books .
sure .
i will give you 2 books
deal
i would like the the ball , two books , and a hat .
i can give up the ball , if you give me two hats . i would like two books , and two hats .
i can offer you one hat
so you would like one hat and one book ?
ok , but i would also like a book to read as well .
yes , i would like one book and one hat since i am guessing you want both balls .
what would you like today ?
i am more than willing to give up the hats , but reading is my favorite thing . we could share balls tho
if i can get both balls i can forgo the book . otherwise i require the book
you can have all the hats if i have both balls and the book
i can give you the book and a hat if ihave the balls
deal
i would like book , 1 hat 1 ball
no deal without the book for me ; how about i get book and 1 ball ?
i have to have book and either 1 hat or 1 ball
no dice - we are stalmated
ok i'll take book and 1 hat
i would like 3 bokos and 1 hat
why can you not share one item ?
i do not like balls , i would prefer a hat
i am not happy about this but i will take the 3 books
no just three books for you and i keep the rest
i gave you three books and maybe one ball
i can't
great
i'd like 3 hats .
hello , i would like the hat and 1 ball , and can give you 2 books and 2 balls
ok deal
give me hats and the balls
give me one hat and all balls then
i'll take the book and the two hats
i need hats and books . . . . . the balls have zero value'
ok
okay . i think that's fair .
i'd like the book and a hat please
how about you can have the ball and two hats ?
ok .
yes .
i need the ball and the hats
the ball , 2 hats and a book
deal ?
i can have the books , a hat and a ball .
okay , all the balls are mine with either the ball or hat then
deal
i can give you a hat and 2 books
no i cant do that i can do books and both hats and i get both balls
u get 3 books and both hats
i'd like the book , the rest is for you !
yep , deal
great so , i get 4 balls , and 1 hat correct
i would like book , 1 hat and 2 balls
ok
yes
balls are worthless to me . i need the hats and book
deal ?
no , you can have the books and the ball but i want the 4 hats
i would like the ball and 2 hats
ok
hi
one book and a hat
i need a ball or a hat with both books
would you accept one book ?
how about i give you both books for everything else
ill give you both books and one ball
if i can have the balls and the hats you can have the books
that seems reasonable . deal .
one hat and the books for me
how about i get the book and balls and you can have the hats
sorry , cant give up the book
well neither are you
i dont like michael jordan
tell you what you can have the ball . ill take the hats and book
hey there ! i need the book , and you can have the balls and hats
no way !
well you aren't getting it
i'm michael jordan's little brother . how are you gonna feel when i'm famous for playing basketball and you wouldn't give me your ball ?
and i don't like you .
bhahahahahahahaha . so i can have 0 points ? no thank you .
hat and balls for me
same
no deal , keep chat rolling
no deal
no deal
hi i would like the hat and books and you can have the balls
sorry i need the hat and books to make a decent score
ok , no deal
no deal
no deal
you can have the books , but i would like the hat and all the balls .
you can have all the books .
deal .
i would like 3 book and 1 ball
i think i need atleast one book for my deal
you can have the hat and 2 balls , i need 1 ball
i'll take the three books and hat . you take the ball .
deal !
gimme the ball
ok
books and hats
no for me
make an offer
balls worth 0 for me
i take the hats and you take the book and all the balls
ok deal
aaw ! you giving me that ?
no deal
the hats and book . thats what i want
too bad , same over here .
lets split the hats . i take all the balls you take the book
that's what i needed !
i need the book ha hat and a ball
nothing mathematically works . . . . . . guess we need to click the no deal button
ok
you need to click on the no deal button
can i get a book and the two balls ?
well shoot . what if i got the book and one ball and you got the hats and the other ball ?
no deal .
sounds good .
ok
you can have the hat if i get everything else
deal
i really like that hat
i guess that's ok . i don't like the balls
i would definitely like the hat , but also both balls .
sounds fine to me , i'll take both books
you get hat and a book . i get rest .
i would like the hat and another category of items .
deal .
so 2 hats and 2 balls for me ?
okay but only if we keep chatting for a bit because they keep saying i give up to easy
no sorry that would not give me enough points
okay deal now we can click the button
if i can have the book and a ball you can have the rest
yes , that's correct .
okay . maybe you can give me an extra ball ?
okay well then lets go back to our original deal i will take the book and a ball and you will take the rest
i want one of each please .
will you take the book and two balls instead ?
book and 3 balls for me
yes
i would like 3 books and 1 ball
ok deal !
can i have the balls ?
okay i would like the 1 ball and hat
deal !
i'll take the ball if i get the book too
sorry , but the book is the highest value for me . not really willing to give it up
ok
i need the hats and the book , you can have the ball
i can't do that
you take the book and i take the rest then
fine
hi , i want the book and the hat
no can do
i want books and hats
one hat
you can't take books
ok you take both hats and call it even
i jsut want hats
what do you want ?
i cant give you the hats
but i have to take the books then
then you cant have the hat
okay , how about you take all the hats and i get both balls ?
okay take all the books and one hat ?
fine
i would like the books and 1 ball . you can have the hats and 1 ball
hats aren't worth anything to me
all the books and 1 ball
hi i would like the three balls and three books
well give me atleast one book with the three balls
okay then i will take the three balls
you can have 3 balls and i get the books and the hat
i can't do that if you take the 3 balls
i would like 2 hats . you can have all of the basketballs and books
thanks
ok
hi
ok , i`ll take the ball and 2 books
i would like to get the books and 1 ball
deal
okay , now tell me how do i place them i the box so they show up right when i send this , i keep getting it wrong
okay sounds good to me
hi i would like the ball and hats and you can have the books
if you agree to this deal you put 3 under books and 0 for the rest
i would too
hmmmm , ball looks good
i'd like the ball please .
you wouldn't want the books and hats ?
okay , take the ball and i'll take the rest .
1 book 3 hats and the ball
1 hat .
i need both
the ball
i will take 2 hats abd the ball
hello , which items would you prefer ?
okay which of those items is least desirable to you ?
okay , would you prefer the ball or the book ?
but which item would you prefer ?
how about you have the ball and a hat ?
you've got yourself a deal .
i can't do that i need the hat and 2 balls
i'd like the hat and the book
deal .
i would like the book and a hat
ok lets do it
i would like a hat and a ball
deal
hi i would like one of everything .
you will give me the ball and the book ?
ok i accept that . i will take the ball and book , you take the 3 hats .
i want all the hats
yes is that ok ?
not going to work , i need the book
deal
let me get the book and ball
ok i get the ball and one hat
thx
what is your choice ?
i don't understand .
can't give you the hat
guess not
we choose no deal button when it's available
that puts me at less than half the points . what about spliting it ? we can each have 1 of them all .
well the books are worth 4 points each for me . the others are worth 1 and 0 .
what do we do then ?
okay . can do .
haha still talking . la la la . books . hats . balls .
i'd like the books , you can have the rest
the others have no value for me
okay we may not be able to agree then , because the others are worth nothing to me
i think we agree to not reach an agreement , but we have to continue to talk , before we get a message that says no deal was agreed
i can take both books , smiles
giggles , i still think both books for me is a great deal , really great !
i can't do that . i need both hats .
you can have the book and the two balls if i get both hats .
i'd like the hats and a book or a ball . what's your most important item ?
i'm taking a loss here , but i'll take everything else , then ?
deal
hello ! i would like the book , and you can have everything else .
hello , i would like both balls , a book , and a hat
so i get 2 books and both balls ?
ok , you got a deal
can't do that . i want hat and 1 book
yes
i want the hats
word
gimme book and hats , you have all else
book and balls to me , hats to you
gimme one book with hat
ok
i would like all 3 books and the ball
how about you take the hat and the ball ?
i want the hat and book
ok
i need the book and two balls
you can have the hat and two balls
sorry i cant do that . i would like the hat and ball and you can have all the books
same here . looks like we wont be able to reach a deal
no deal
no deal
no deal
i would like the ball , the hat , and 1 book .
that's what i need as well . the books are negotiable , but i definitely need the ball and the hat .
agreed . no deal .
no deal .
no deal .
hello , i would like the ball and the hats , or the ball and some books .
that won't work , i really need the ball to be part of it .
i can't do it , i need the ball and at least 1 other thing
fine , i guess i'll take everything except the ball
how about you take two hats and two books
ill give you everything if i can have the ball
i need the ball or we cant make a deal
i'd like the hat and books ; you can have the balls
deal .
i would like 2 books and 1 hat ?
i need 2 books , you can have both balls and 1 hat ?
how about i take 1 book and 2 hats . you can take the 2 balls and 1 book ?
i would like 1 book 2 balls
hats are 0 for me ; need 2 books or 2 balls & 1 book
okay
gimme the book and hats
gimme book and one hat
ok
you can have the book but , i need the hats and the balls
i can't part with either book would you accept the book and two balls
okay great ! thank you !
i would like the book and one hat
both balls and the book
book and one hat for me .
i need the book
no deal
i would like 1 of each item
i will give you both balls and 1 hat
i would like to keep my book , thanks , but you can have both balls and a hat
sorry the book is non negotiable . you can have both balls and a hat
i also need the book . i can give you both balls and a hat , that really is going to be my best offer
no deal , sorry
i like the boos and hats
deal
i need the books as well . if i can have two books and the balls you can have the hats and one book
okay great !
id like ball and two hats .
fine i'll take 3 hats and we'll split the books .
no way . i want a ball and you get all three hats
no , i need all the books and the balls
ok well what about one ball
well what about i take the books and you can have the rest
well what if i take three books and one ball
no , i can't do that
ok you keep balls and i keep the rest
your nice , so that gives me a whoppinng one hat
no
no deal
how about two balls and one book for you
no deal
i can live with the ball and 1 book for me
i'd like the hat for sure ; if the ball is of value you , i'd like some books .
deal
if i get all 3 hats deal
i'd love the book and the balls .
sounds great
i need the books and the hat you can have the balls
i need 1 book , 1 hat and 1 ball
i really like to read , let me have the books you can have everything else .
i need those books too , so if its like that i'll give you one book and we divide the rest .
alright
you can have the books if i can have the rest ?
you could have 2 books and a hat if i can have the rest (one of each) ?
okay , thanks for working with me on it .
is it possible for me to get the books and one hat ?
i will stick with three books then .
give me the book and two balls .
i will take the hat and basketballs you take the book
you can have the book and 1 ball
can i have 2 balls and a book ?
yea , ok
ouch can you do with two books and 1 ball if i can have a ball and the hats ?
i value hats the most
me too . my friend carl gave it to me
how about you let me have the hats ?
i'll take all the items .
deal .
i will need most other items if i cannot have the ball .
how about both books and one hat ?
hi i would like the books and ball and you can have the hats
i can offer you the hats and 1 book
ok , thats fair . deal
if i can have the book and a hat you can have the rest
okay thank you !
ok that's seems fair .
i'd like the 4 hats , you can have the other two items which i assume are of higher value .
that's fine .
would you be willing to give me the book and one hat and you get 3 hats and the ball ?
okay sounds good
i would like one book and 2 balls
deal
i need 2 balls 1 hat
i'll take the ball and a hat please .
sure !
if i can have the ball and the books i will give you the hats
i can't make that deal . i can give you one book and the hats for the ball and one book if that works for you
i would like 2 hats 2 balls
okey dokey
great , i'll take the book , 1 hat
could i have the books ?
deal
yes i can let the books go if i get the hat and ball
yes they are . could i get one of your hats ?
okay , that sounds fair . then i'll get the book and the balls . you keep the hats .
deal
i'd like to keep 3 hats and the book . are the balls of value to you ?
giving up one of my hats would put me below half - i can give you the book if you absolutely need it .
deal
i understand your attraction to that deal , but i require more . i need two of the books if you are taking the only ball .
no , i need to be compensated fairly for the ball . you can have that ball for two books .
yo u are offering even less to a bald man now . i need the hat along with two books if you want the ball .
it would be quite fair . we would each get something we need and as a fast reader i get two books .
as you seem passionate about both books , i can let you have two along with the bowl in exchange for future considerations .
i would like the ball and 3 books
you can have the 1 hat and 1 book if i get 2 books and 1 ball
i'll take 1 book , 1 hat , and 1 ball then .
no deal , that wouldn't be fair to me either .
considering each item varies in points for both of us , no it's not . i'd like the ball and 2 books , otherwise no deal .
i want two books and a ball .
ok deal .
i want two hats and a book and a ball
how about i take a book and two hats then ?
i would like the hat and the ball .
i agree .
i'll give the hat and 2 books
i'm afraid not
lol . no .
it seems we're at an impasse
the hat and a book for me , the rest you
hat and two book to me , you get 3 balls and a half eaten box of valentines candy
hat to me , you have rest
i need to have the hat .
i agree .
i can give you a ball and 2 books
that not gonna be possible i need the hat but you can have everything else
hey .
i'd like two hats and a book .
okay . two hats and the ball ?
that's a no go
excellent . that works for me .
hello
so how do you feel about i get the book and ball you get the hats
i really need the book
you can have all the hats
alright , so i get book and two hats
i want the books and balls
i want the books or the balls and the hat
if i can have the hat and the balls you can have the books
you can have the books but , i need the balls
you can have the books
i'd like 1 of each please .
sorry , that doesn't work for me . i need the hat .
okay , i can work with having 1 hat and 1 ball .
i can offer 2 balls
i can offer the hat and 1 ball
i'd like the ball , 2 books , and a hat please
i really need at least one book . so how about i take 1 ball , 1 book , and 1 hat ?
what about 1 ball and 1 book for me , you can have 1 book and all 3 hats ?
no . you can have 1 ball and 2 hats
no that wont work for me
okayt deal
i want 2 balls and 2 books
ok , i`ll take 3 books and one ball
what items do you want ? i would like the balls and 1 hat
how about i give you all the books , i take all the hats and we each get 1 ball
great !
deal
hello ! i'd like to get both basketballs , and you can have the rest .
sorry that wont work for me . id like the books and hat
no deal
no deal
no deal
no deal
take all the books i want the rest
no deal
no deal
no deal
no deal
ok you take all hats and i keep the rest deal ?
deal ?
i would like all the basketballs and hats .
counter .
gimme the hats and ball
no deals
gimme ball and hats
no deals
agreed
no can do buckerino
i want the ball and the books
no can do buckerino
i want it all then , since you're playing it like this
deal
i'd like the basketball and hats . you can have all the books .
hi there , i'd like the hat and the book . you can have the balls .
i can't give you all of that . i need the hat at the very least .
it looks like we will not be able to reach a deal then . i also need the hat .
there is nothing else we can do . the "no deal was agreed" button is time activated .
it couldn't hurt .
i need the hat , and a ball and the book .
i absolutely need the hat .
that's not good .
should we keep typing ?
this is silly .
i want all of the hats
ok
ok , i will need everything else then .
i'd love to have the basketball and the book
i guess you could take the book
you want the book and one hat ?
deal
i want those things too
along with one hat
yes
the hat and one and one book
deal
i need the ball and 2 hats
i don't need any books
how about 1 hat and all books ?
take all books and 1 ball .
can i have 1 hat 1 ball and 1 book ?
can i get at least one book or ball ?
ok deal
you can have the hat , if i get the rest
ill give you a hat and 1 book , if i get the rest
sorry i need the hats too . i can give up the books , but not the hats .
ok i guess that'll have to do .
if i can have the hats and the books you can have the ball
okay so lets split the difference . . . we can each have a hat and i can have the books and you can get the ball
okay thank you !
i'll take the hat and balls , you get the books ?
i'll agree to that .
how about i take the books and one ball and you get the hat and 1 ball ?
ok so i get the books and 1 ball you get the hat and 1 ball .
gimme all hats
deal
you can have the hats if i get the ball and the book .
i would do need the balls - but i would like the book or hat .
deal .
hello , i want the book and the hat . you can have the balls .
i can give you the balls , and the hat . i take the book . deal ?
hi . ill take the hats and ball and you can have the book
deal
i need all the balls and you can have the hats ( 4 ) and the book . does that work ?
agreed deal !
i would like the book and 1 other thing of your choosing .
i definitely can't give up the book . i'm willing to just take the book and give you the rest .
you can have 1 book and 1 hat , i'll take 2 hats and 1 ball . deal ?
sorry , i need the ball .
i can take the 1 ball and you can have 3 hats and 1 book . deal ?
the ball is the only thing that will work for me . guess we'll set to 0 and wait for the no deal
no deal was agreed
i would like 1 book and 1 hat . you can have the hats , hopefully that'll be enough points for both of us .
oops , sorry i meant 1 book and 1 ball for me . typed too quickly .
same here
no , sorry . that'll only be 4 points for me .
alright , no deal for both
i would like the balls , you may have the rest .
i need the balls as well . how about we split the balls , and you take the rest ? otherwise , i do not think we can make a deal .
i get one ball and you get everything else , is that ok ?
the other items do not have value to me , i would like the balls
how do we split the balls if we already both have 2 .
that works .
i need the ball but you can have the books
you can have two books and one hat
can i have books and ball ?
can i have a couple hats then ?
i need three hats .
yes
that's fine , can i have everything else ?
i need the book , one ball , and the hat
then i need the book and the balls and you can have the hats
i can not make that deal
i need at least one ball as well
okay so what is the deal you are proposing ?
no , i need the book as well . i need one of each .
i get ball and book you get hats and a book .
no fair
you get that hats and i get the rest
i get all the ball you get the rest
deal
you get ball and hats
no deal at all
can i have the balls and the books ?
i need at least 1 book with the balls
deal
how about you take just the balls and nothing else
deal
i would like two books and the hat .
ok you take the hat and i will take everything else .
ill take the hat only
yes
same here
without the book i cannot mathmetically make it . . . . . . .
ok
i need that book and maybe a ball as well
i can part ways with the balls if you let me keep the book .
. . . then the only way to make this work is i keep everything else and you take the book ? deal ?
well then
i would like both books and both hats .
so i'll take both hats and the ball , then ?
i'd be much happier with just one hat (i've only got one head) and the ball .
one ball , one book , both hats .
2 : 3 is fair , as in one ball and one hat for me , one hat and two books for you .
not a chance . lol . come up with something better than that .
i'll take just the ball , methinks . that's nice , right ?
i don't like wearing hats , so you can have both of those . i will also give you one of the hats
nope , i meant book earlier . so you can have both hats and a book and i'll just take only the ball and a book
your original deal didn't include the ball so that is off the table . but i will give you one of the books with the two hats (in case you lose your first one ! )
4 : 1 is not fair . you can have both hats and one book .
no i can't give up the ball , and you didn't even want the ball to begin with . i guess i will have to be the one to sacrifice and agree to your original deal - one ball for me and the rest for you .
it was your original deal - i am just repeating what you said . the only other offer we haven't considered if giving me the ball and two books and you can just have the two hats , which is now my new deal since you backed away from your original offer .
sorry buddy , there will be no deal today .
how about i take the 3 hats and one 2 books , you can have the ball and one book
ok , take 2 books , i`ll have 3 hats and the ball
hello . i will take the basketball and you can have the rest
deal
uh , that would be my dream . good deal !
i love the book , you can have everything else
thanks
you're going to hate me , but what are your thoughts on you getting the two balls and me keeping the rest ?
well , that's not very nice . . . i assume we have a similar distribution ; let's to go even with splitting everything down the middle ?
i'll settle on that . . . you get hats and basketball , i get books and 1 basketball .
that im gonna hate you . how about you keep the balls i take the rest ?
i want the hats and either 1 book or basketball
okay deal
can't do that . i need the hat for sure .
me neither . that's my only value .
how about we split the balls ?
i'll take the hat and one ball .
how about i take the hat and book ? you can have the balls .
leave it .
hello . i need the book and the hat to make this deal . you can have all 4 balls .
i can't give up the hat .
okay i'll take the book and 4 balls .
can ; t do that if you are taking the hat .
i need all the balls or no deal
book and the balls if you are taking the hat . take it or leave it .
you can have the ball and book if i can have the hats
i'm sorry i cannot give up the hats
if i can have one of each you can have the other two hats
i can't part with the ball . can we make another deal or is that the only option for you ?
okay then no deal . i'm sorry .
no deal .
no deal .
i just need the bal
no , the ball's worth 9 points to me , can't take anything else : (
exchanges to get the no deal option
we're too efficient !
doodedoo
the ball is valuable to me . how about i take the ball and the hats and you get the books ?
alright .
i get ball you get the rest ?
no cant i need the ball u get the rest only way
i would like the book and the hats . you can have the ball .
would you be willing to give up the ball ?
the hats have no value to me . how about you take all the hats , i keep book and the ball .
nothing else has value to me , besides the book and the ball is of very low value . i cannot give up the book .
hats have no value to you ?
there's 4 . hats have no value to me . without the book , there's no way i can make a deal .
you just stated hats have "very little" value , which means that they have value . again , we can go back and forth or we can come to a compromise of sorts .
i want the book . we can split the rest
the book is what i am really wanting
i cannot either
very little
me either
i'd like the hat , balls and a book
we can . but if you agree just take the 3 books and i'll take everything else
then i'll take the hats and 2 balls
i need book 2 hats
deal
give me both balls and a hat
hello , i would like the hats and can give you the book and ball in exchange
ok , i was going to offer a similar deal so that works perfect for me
if i can have the balls and the hat you can have the books
okay you can have the hat if i can have the rest ?
okay thank you !
i just need the hat
sure
hi , i need 1 hat and 3 balls please
won`t work without the hat . sorry
you won`t work without the hat ?
ok so no deal , i can`t work without the hat
no deal
yeah hat is not possible
ok let go to no deal
nope
no deal
no deal
gimme the hat and the books
give me 2 books and the hat
i want two books and the balls
ok
i will accept only if i can have one ball as well
then no deal . i'm sorry
okay great ! thank you !
you take the books , i take the hat and the balls
i can't , i need all 3 of those items
so i will take 1 hat and 1 ball , that's fine
i'd like 1 book 1 hat and 1 ball
ill take the books and hat ? deal .
i would like the ball . you can have the rest ?
sure
i'll take two books and a ball then .
i need the hat and 2 balls
sounds good
i want ball and 2 hats
too low - need ball and 2 hats ; book is almost zip
no
no - would take ball and 1 hat
guess we are done
all the rest is too low
if i can have the hats and one ball you can have the rest
thank you !
ok
give me hat and ball
ok
i will need at least one ball .
i want the hat too and at least two balls ,
whats the worth of your hat ? and balls ?
let me leave you the balls and i take the hat please . its the only thing with worth over here
good its a deal !
hello i would like the hat and the balls - what about you ?
that is not going to work for me at all . i can give away all the books .
hat is 4 balls are 2
okay i guess i can make the work
ok , i will take the 2 hats
i would like the ball and the books .
deal .
you can have all of the hats , i'll take the ball and book
i want the ball and two hats
deal
i need the book and you can have the rest
no book no deal
no deal
okay
i'd like the booka nd 2 hats , you keep the balls and 1 hat ?
balls are no value to me . . . i need the book and at least 1 hat .
no deal it is .
eh , you know what . . . take the book ; i'll take everything else .
i want the book , both hats and 1 ball
ok , i'll take the balls and one hat
balls are worthless for me .
ok , thanks
i need the balls too . could you accept any offer where i get both balls ?
so did you want 2 books or just 1 ?
ok , so 1 ball , 2 hats , 1 book for me , 1 book and 1 ball for you ?
deal
i'll take two balls and a book . you can have two hats and a book .
i would feel better if i got a ball and a book .
you can have the other book .
yes .
i can not make that offer you can have one ball and the book if i can have the rest
okay great ! thank you !
i would like the book one ball and one hat
ok deal
i really like the hat can i have this
no i need the hat , you can take everything else if you give it to me
ok
that i can't do
1 book and 1 hat for you
i would like 1 book and 1 hat
can i also get a ball ?
ok , what about another hat ?
deal
need ball and hat
books are worth little to me
will give 3 books
so i can have a hat and the ball correct ?
gimme the books and hat
yes
i need the ball , you can hav the rest
i can't make a deal if i don't get the ball
no deal then
that works . thanks
i would just like the book
what kind of deal can we make ? i really want the books
sure
i really want the balls , so want to each take 1 hat and what we want ?
i would like the books one hat and one ball
deal
i'll take the balls . you can have the rest .
i will take that deal .
i'll take the ball . you can have the rest .
great !
i will need more than that . how about i get the book and a ball ?
ok , that's fine .
please let me have 2 balls , 2 hats and a book .
you could have the book and 2 hats .
great
i need the hat and book
sounds good
deal .
hats and balls for me
ok , i take the hats and one ball
hi . ill take the balls and book and you can have the hats
deal
no way ! how about i keep the book , and you can have the hats and balls ?
hello i would like to get all of the books .
you can have all of the hats and all of the balls i just want the book .
well i will not move on the book we can split up the hats and the ball if you won't but i will not agree to losing the book .
the book is the only valued item for me .
i can agree to that .
i would really like the book , but if you agree to give it to me , i will give you both hats and both balls .
i will not agree to that .
what is the book worth to you ? perhaps we can split the items in an amicable way ?
if we agree to your deal , i will be taking a loss . however , i am willing to accept your deal and give you the book if i get everything else .
i give u 2 balls and a hat
i'll take 2 books and a hat
1 ball 1 hat and 1 book
i would need the hat and the books
you can have the hat if i can have everything else
i would like the hat and the balls .
i do not think i can give up the hat , how about i keep that and one ball ?
deal .
i'll take the two books and you can have the hat and the balls .
yes that is correct .
that works for me . just to recap , i got both balls , and the hat . you take both books , correct ?
deal .
any chance i can get one of the hats and the book ?
i think we might have different values on the book
well i'm asking for the book and 1 hat , that will leave you with balls and 1 hat
thank you
i'll take the basketballs and hats .
not with the book .
i need the balls and at least one hat or book .
okay
hi , i can take the ball and the hat
ok , i`ll take it . thank you
hey , ball is fine but i need the hat . can i have the hat and a book and you take the ball and two books
i need the balls and the hats
i have the have all 3 balls and either a hat or a book
no can do , i have to have all 3 balls and wither a hat or a book
i can't do that , no deal
deal .
i would like the balls and the hat .
ok , i accept .
if i can have the hat and two books i'll give you the rest
i can't do that , theres 6 items . i think splitting it 3 and 3 is only fair
the hat is pretty important to me in this deal , i could do 3 books and a ball but that only leaves you with 2 items , i really think my original deal was the best
ok fine
i think i need 2 balls and 2 ooksb
i will take 2 balls and hat
you take hat and 1 book and i take the rest
what would you like
how about i give you three books
great
i can take one hat and one book
sure , i`ll take it
deal
if i can have one of each you can have the rest
okay thank you !
what would you like
i will give you everything if i get the ball
i need the ball . its worth 10 for me
how about the ball and 2 hats for me , 2 hats and the book for you ?
is there anything else you want instead of the ball or do you need the ball ?
ok , deal . i'll take everything but the ball
ok deal
i'll take the balls if you want the rest
i can't do that . i would need at least a book or a ball .
deal .
i would like the ball and books
i can give you one book
deal !
hey , i take the two hats and a ball
that is a deal : )
if i can have all the hats and the book , you can have the basketball
how about i have all the hats and you take the rest ?
no , i think i will probably need the book and something else .
ok , deal .
i will take the book and hat , you can have the balls ?
ok i will take the book and the 4 balls ?
you take the book and 1 ball ?
ok you get the book and 2 balls deal ?
no , i will need either the book or the hat .
if i cannot have the book i will need the hat and at least three balls .
can i have a second ball ? then we have a deal .
ok , i agree .
you can have the hat and 1 ball , and ill take the rest
hey there ! i'd like the hat and maybe 2 balls ? what about you ?
deal
i'd like the balls .
you can have the hats too . they're 0 for me .
cool . i want the book .
okay , deal
can i get the book and balls
i cant give the book up
i need one other item with the book
ok deal
i need a book and 2 balls
can i get the balls and 1 hat ?
sorry . i can't do that . i need 3 balls and 1 hat
everything is worth 2 points to me so figure out how i can walk away with atleast 6 and i'll agree to whatever you want .
that only gets me to 4 =\
that's great ! how about we go the fair route though . i'll take 2 balls and a hat , you take 2 books and a ball ?
i believe our concept of fairness is quite different . on that note , i'll take all 3 balls , you take the rest .
then i suppose no agreement will be reached .
books are of no value to me . i'd like the three balls ; or 2 balls and 1 hat .
that was not one of the options i was willing to settle for .
did you just repeat the same offer ? - - i'll take three balls or 2 balls and the hat .
not possible , unfortunately . that'll put me below half . we can agree to disagree or we can meet in the middle .
alright
i want everything
how about you take the hat and i take everything else because that would be truly fair
no , the only way we can reach an agreement is if you take the hat
you can have one boko and the hat
you can have one ball and the hat
will you settle for one hat and one ball ?
there is no way one hat and one ball will work for you ?
i was really trying to make a good deal and avoid not making a deal . lets go with you taking two balls and the hat
i would like the ball and two hats if possible
whats it worth to you
well i can imagine what it is worth to me so here we are . i would like the ball as wells o what else can we agree on ?
straight up how many points is that ball worth to you and i'll say yes or no to that deal .
need to work on that hustle , its only worth 5 to me and all the stuff together is only worth 5 to me as well , your call .
take your ball and go play somewhere else then .
i have to have the ball
anything and you can imagine : )
i'll let you have everything if i can have the ball
8 and i have been getting too many warnings about doing so bad
i need the ball and you can have the rest , hats are 0 for me and books are 1
thanks
i can't do that , you take the books i get the hat and the ball
same here , no deal
i can't do that
i have to have the hat and one other item or no deal
we can't tell each other taht
great
hi , i want the hat and one book
i really need the hat . without the hat i`m at 3 points .
one hat and one book . thats all i need .
this is fair on my side . i won`t get many points . 3 for each
how much is it worth that hat for you ? and the ball ?
i`ll give you the hat and the ball . lets just move on
i'm a cowboy who's learning to read . i'd like the hat so i can keep the sun out of my eyes while i try to read .
can i have the book and ball
okay deal i take the book and ball you take the hats
sure
i need the ball . would you accept 4 hats if i can have the ball and the book ?
i need 2 hats then if i can't have the book .
i need the ball more than anything . how about i just get the ball and 1 hat ?
if i give up the ball i need everything else to make it worth it .
the ball isn't enough on it's own though for me . how about i just take the book and 3 hats ?
cool , it's a deal
i want one of each - you can have three hats .
no , but you can have the ball if i can get all the rest of it .
that doesn't work for me . you can have the book and two hats if i get the ball and the other two hats .
the ball is my best one too . so i really need all the rest of it to make it work okay for me .
you can have the ball , i just need everything else .
i think we're in the same spot . . . so i'll agree to that .
can i get the balls and 2 books ?
you can have the balls , the others are worth 2 each to me .
sure .
deal
i need the book and one ball
i need the hat and books and you can have the balls
i have to have the hat or no deal
no deal
no deal
no deal
sorry , i cant do that . i would like the hat and balls
no deal then
no deal
no deal
no deal
that works perfect .
good evening ! i'd like the hat and 2 balls , are the books of value to you ?
could i have the hat and ball and you can keep the three books ?
alright take the ball and one book then .
i wasn't asking , i was telling you to take the ball and one book . those books are near worthless to me so i need at least two of them to compensate for the lack of the ball .
no . i want the ball and some of the books .
two books and the ball and we have a deal
fine
you can have the ball , but i need the book
i would like the book and 2 hats . you take the ball and 2 hats ?
deal
i need the ball and the book
can i have a hat instead of the book
sounds good
i want the hats and the book
okay
how about you have the book and 1 hat , and i will have the balls and 1 hat .
deal
hiya . if i can have the ball and one hat , you can have the rest .
if i can have the ball and the books you can have the hats
i can not make that deal . i need the books and the ball or i can not make a deal
no deal .
no deal .
no deal
you can have the hats . i'll take the others
then no deal
no deal
no deal
definitely not a deal
i just want the hat please
sure
do you want to split everything evenly ?
okay , you can have the hat and i will take the rest ?
okay , have a good rest of the night !
a ball and hat
okay
what would you like
i will give you the ball and the books
deal
deal
i'd like 2 hats and a book ?
i'd like the hat and books .
then you take hat and i'll take the rest .
no deal . i need hat
deal
i will give you three books
2 balls and we have a deal
1 ball and a hat
i will give you one basketball in exchange
i only have one ball available sorry .
ok deal
i can offer you one ball or one book
how about you just take the ball
i'll take the hats and you can have all the books and balls . i'm a hat fan .
how about we split the hats and i get a ball and all the books please .
yes
i have a hat to
their are 8 available so we can split them
i'll give you the books if i can take the rest .
no . i already have tons of books . i'll take the hat and 2 balls ?
i only have one hat . . . do you have more ?
i only have one hat !
i'm confused . you said split the hats , but i just have one . what are you saying ?
cant do that . . . i need the balls plus at least 1 other item
hats and balls for me
ok , ok , i'll give you everything but the hats
i can give you book
deal
i need the basketball and book you can have all the hats
i'll agree to that if you give me one of the hats .
deal .
hats and books for me
no deal , both hats to me , rest to you
i'll take hat . you can have the rest .
i'd like to know what you propose before i tell you what i want .
that seems pretty fair .
i will like that
i can give you 2 balls
can i have the book , 1 hat and 1 ball ?
no deal . i'll take the book if you want the rest
definitely no . if i don't get the book , there's really no point
gonna need that book and two balls . . .
you can have the rest and i'll take the book lol
i'm sorry to hear this , i'll give youthe book but know its hurting me not that you care .
if i can have the book and a hat you can have the rest
okay thank you !
deal .
are you a basketball fan ?
how about one ball and one book ?
one ball and one hat ?
that wont work for me . the best i can do is two balls and one hat
it appears that way
yes . . . . . ill take both balls and thr book if you want the hats
i would need a hat also
no , i would need a book ball and hat to make it mathematically work
same here . . . . . guess we can click on "no deal was agreed"
so go a head and click on that
i want the hat and 1 ball
no i must have the hat
ditto
nope , no deal today .
how do we get away with no ea ?
i need the hat , you can have all of the balls
so do i . it is a deal breaker for me
i guess no deal then
no deal
type no deal a few times , then a no deal option appears below the chat box
you take all books and i keep the rest
i can't , i need ball or no deal
i need one hat
one hat ? ?
ok ball and what else for me , i can't jsut have ball
ok just ball for me , deal
i'll take the books and ball
if you want the ball i need everything else
can't . no deal
no deal
i don't think we're going to agree . i still want the ball so i'm being as flexible as i can .
deal
i'll take the rest , deal
i'd like all the hats
deal .
i'd like the hats and the balls , please .
wow , great .
i would like 1 book , 1 hat , 1 ball
no way , i'll take book and 1 ball
there is no deal here
book and 2 hats to me
3 hats to me , the book , and 2 balls . you get valentine signed by yours truly .
i will take the book . can you swetten the deal a little and give me atleast one of the other items ?
great i would like one lovely ball with my book .
i'll take the hats and balls . you take the book .
how about the book and a lovely basketball ? i'll take the hats and one of the balls .
sounds good ! deal !
ball is yours . i need the books but i can give you 1 hat if you need it .
that works for me - deal .
i'd like the ball and a book .
i don't need any hats . so i'll take the ball and you take everything else ?
deal
you could keep the balls but atleast give me 2 hats and one book
you take the books and 1 hat , i take the balls and 1 hat
so i get the balls and one book , that is fine
yeah , that's not going to work . if i take the book i need at least two balls and a hat
so 1 book and 3 balls for me , 2 hats and 1 ball for you - i can do that
um , no . that's like 3 points for me . . . so no deal
no deal
no deal
if i can have the balls and the hats you can have the book
would you be willing to take 3 balls ?
no , i meant would you just be willing to take three balls ? i need the book , two hats , and one ball to even make this work for me
okay no deal .
no deal
the hat and book to me , rest to u
4 balls and the hat to me
four balls and the book to me
four balls and hat to me
we can flip for the hat
i love hats . my collection is extensive but i can't read or play basketball .
that sounds like a fair deal . thanks
you take the hat and i will take all of the books and the ball then
great
hello ! i would like the books , and a hat , and you can have the balls .
those books are special to me . its part of a series .
deal
i want one book with the ball
how about the ball and hat then for me ?
what do you want ?
sounds fair . i would like the book and 2 balls then
i need 3 hats and at least the book , or one of the balls .
deal . i'll take the 3 hats and one ball .
i want two hats and a ball .
alright .
yes .
i need the book and all balls
deal ?
i'll give you all the books if i can have the hat .
unless you are willing to give up that hat i just cant see us coming up with anything
no deal
hi , can i have the book ?
great !
sure , i`ll have the rest
sure
ball and a book for me , the rest to you
i ain't leaving without the ball , yo can have all else
fine , i get ball and hats ?
yup
you can have the hats , i need books and ball
ok ill take the books and you an habve the rest
deal
that's kind of a bad deal for me . how about i get the book and you get all the hats ?
hi , i'd like 1 book and 2 hats .
that will be awesome . thanks .
you can have all of the hats and the book
give me one ball and both hats
deal
i'd like the books and the balls .
i'd let you have everything else if you gave me both balls .
how about you take the hats and 1 ball and i take the book and 1 ball ? hats have no value to me , may have some for you .
1 book , 1 ball for me ; 3 hats , 1 ball for you ? deal .
can i have 2 balls ?
ok that works for me .
yes that works for me .
i can do 2 books for you
sorry not at all i can do the ball and 1 book
we don't got a deal then i guess
it wont let me select no deal so you can have the hat and a ball
i need the hat and the ball and one book . . . does that work for you ?
i need both the ball and the hat if i can't have that then i can't make a deal
okay no deal .
okay thank you !
i can give you three balls
if you give me the hat ill give you everything else
if i dont get that hat we cant make a deal
fine with me
i would like 1 book and 1 hat
no , i cant get by without the book . i will take just 1 book
thanks
how about i get the book and the ball and you get all the hats ?
deal .
i want the hat and books
i want the hat though
ok , i take everything else but the hat
i have a head cold , i need the hat and you can have the rest
this deal will get nowhere , we both want the hat
fine , thanks
hi i want both balls and 1 book .
what do you need ?
i can give you the hat and one book
deal
what would you like
yes for two balls
i need hat and two books
fine
i need the book and ball
i need the hat and you can have the rest .
i need the hat
ok so i will take the hat and 3 books
ok deal
hi , i would like the ball and hat and you can have the books
sorry i need both the hat and the ball to make it worthwile
fine . you can have the hat .
no , you said you would take the hat and i could have the rest .
i need a ball .
um , no
one ball , the book . you get everything else .
thanks
i'll keep the balls and you can have the rest
i'll let you have 1 ball if i keep everything else
make an offer
ok
i need the book and the hat and you can have the balls
i need the book and 3 balls then
make an offer than
nope i have to have the book
the book and 2 balls
the book and 1 ball
i need the book and hat , so lets work this out
ima tell you straight up that gives me 3 total , that aint gonna fly
let me get the book and one ball
then you can have the book .
no deal
i will give you 2 balls for 2 hats
3 hats for 1 book and 3 balls
you can have two hats if i can have everything else
yes
whati get
i'll take the book
you take the rest
deal
i would like the hat and either the book or the balls .
either the book or the balls .
ok , deal .
sounds good .
i'd like the books , you can have the rest .
yes , do you want the ball ?
how about if i take just a book and the ball ?
can i have at least one of them ?
yes , i can offer you a hat though .
i guess that's ok .
i can't make a deal without the ball . i'd also like the books .
i'd like the hats and ball , you get books .
ok take the books and ball
you keep all the balls and i keep the rest
ok one book then , its the best i can do
sorry no deal , i need the balls and one hat or book
ok deal , i take 3 balls and one book
yes
can i have the books ?
thanks .
i would like the hat and the balls .
sorry , that's what i actually meant . deal .
i will give you the hat and books but not the ball .
deal .
i would like the balls and the books .
i can't just take the balls . i need atleast 1 book and the balls .
ok deal
you can have the balls but , i need the hats and the books
okay you can have one book and the balls . that is reasonable .
hello , how about 2 hats and 1 ball for me , 2 books 1 ball for you ?
i can make that deal . i just really want the hats .
i'm assuming you're not willing to give me the books and both balls ? : )
well then , that works for me ! hats are yours
ok deal
ball and 2 books please and you could keep the rest
i'd like the hat and ball .
you got it !
i need the hat and a ball
i have to have the hat
i can give you everything else but the hat
i need that cowboy hat and the balls
i need the hat
same
ok deal
nah son
i'm illiterate so i don't want books . i'd like the ball and hat .
and since you're a condescending and off - putting you get no deal .
i can read very well . it was a tactic and you are incredibly rude . thanks for nothing . no deal , obviously .
no deal .
i can give you 3 books if i can have the rest
sorry i speak english .
well since you arent very smart you can use the books to educate your financially challenged self
well we werent going to make a deal since you cant read
im confused if you can read then you should know what illiterate means . so i guess you cant read very well
why not ? cause you cant read ?
okay sounds good
you can have all the hats if i can have the basketballs and the book
deal .
hello . i would like the book and the hat . you can have all 4 balls .
i need the book for a deal . what if i get the book and a ball ?
deal
unfortunately the book is the highest value item for me . . . only way i can part with the book is if i get everything else . . . or i'll take the book and 2 balls .
then i'd be below half points ; if you need the book i need everything else .
i will take the books and you can have the rest
i need 2 books and the ball then
i need either all 3 books or 2 books and a ball
no deal then
can you do 3 books and the hat
no deal . i have to have at least 1 book .
that's only 4 points for me . i can all 3 books , 2 books and a ball , or 1 ball , 1 book and both hats .
guess we're at an impasse .
nada .
ne .
how many balls and hats are you taking ?
ok i can accept that . i will take the book , 1 hat , and 1 ball .
can i have two balls and a book and a hat please ?
okay then i'll have the book and hats you take the balls
then i guess we have no deal
no can do
no deal .
thats too much
no can do
i need boook , two hats and one ball
no can do
no deal
i'd like the ball and the hat please
ok i'll take the books and the hat
thanks
i can't do that , i must have the ball no matter what .
ok deal .
i need the books and hat
ok i can take the hat and 3 books
i need the balls and 2 books , you take the hat and 2 books
i need at least 1 book
i would like all three hats and the book
no , i could maybe do 2 hats and the book for me
no deal
is that what you are offering ?
no , that deal doesnt work for me
no deal
i'll give you the book and the ball .
i'm taking all three hits or no deal .
two hats and the ball
i will take two hats and the ball .
go ahead and hit no deal . i want at least 2 hats , preferably three , but if you cannot part with all of the hats , i will take two hats and the ball .
i'll take a book and a hat , you can have everything else
you can have both hats , i'll just take the book
how many balls would you take in return for a hat ?
ok we have a deal you can have just the book i'll keep everything else
i would like the ball and both hats .
can't do that .
at the least i would need the ball , a book and a hat .
how about 2 books and a hat ?
the ball and a book
ok lets do it
deal
i'd like the hat and the book
can i get the hat and 1 book please
i get the hat you get the rest
you can have both books if i can have the hat and the balls
deal .
if i can have the hats and the balls you can have the book
would you be willing to accept the one ball and one book ?
okay so i will take one ball and the hats and you will take one ball and the book ?
okay great . thank you !
no way ! how about i keep the balls , you can have the hats and the book ?
yes
yes
i'd like the hat , both balls and a book .
can we split the balls ?
i need the hat , too . how about i take the balls and books ? you can have the hat .
ok . i'll take the hat , one ball and the books . will that work for you ?
i'm in the same boat with the hat . that's where my value is . you can have both balls and i'll take the rest .
ok . thanks . deal !
i'll take both of those balls you can have the hat and all the books .
split the balls i need the hat'
hat aint worth near squat just enough to justify the lose of my other ball , i either need both balls , or a ball and a hat
two offers are i need both balls or i need one ball and the hat . its all i can do .
that works for me , i'll take the balls .
you take hat and one book and i keep the rest
you take two books and i keep the rest
hat and one ball
how about hat and and all books for you
nah
no thank you .
even worse . i'd like a hat and 2 balls .
3 balls no hat
nah
no deal
i would like both hats and one ball
ok , you get the book and one ball , and i get both hats and one ball ?
deal
i would like the book and one ball
yes , it's a deal
i just want the ball
yes
thx
so you want the ball and i get everything else ?
ok deal .
i'd like both balls ; maybe a hat . . . you can have all the books , they are of not use to me .
so , instead of listening to my initial offer , you just spit the same offer back to me ? do you have any compromise on this ?
well , that changes everything . . lol - - i can accept that one !
i can take both balls and a hat .
sorry . i mistyped . i meant i can do both books and a hat .
i want the book and 3 hats
well , phoo , but it happens
yep
so we just have to exchange msg's until we get the no deal option
nd
no deal i need the book also
you must have the book to make deal ?
then we will not be able to agree sadly
yes i know , this is sad !
maybe next time we can make a deal
i would like one of each .
ok deal .
i need the hat you can have the rest
hello . i'd be willing to give you all of the books if i can have the two hats and ball ?
there is no way i can give up the ball . it's of most value to me , everything else offers little . i'd be willing to give you one hat and the four books if i get one hat and the ball .
alright , deal . i take the ball , you take the rest .
that does not work for me , i need 1 ball and 2 hats
without the ball i will need all of the rest
deal
i'd like 1 of each
ok
how about i take the ball and you keep everything else ? : )
i need the ball and the book and you can have the hats
if you are taking the book then i need two hats
i can not give up the ball
one hat
okay deal . you get two hats and the book .
i ball 3 hats and 1 book .
i need the book and the hats then
1 book and give ne the ball
ok the book and 2 hats
i need at least 2 hats
i'd like the hats and the basketball ; are the books of high value to you ?
yes that would be great . i will take the books and you can take the hats and the ball . thank you !
i want 2 balls and i will give you 1 hat and 1 book
i can't do that
i want 2 balls and i will give you 1 hat and 1 book
i would like 2 hats and either 1 book or 1 ball ?
i need 2 hats ?
ok if i get 1 hat then i will need 2 balls and 1 book ?
deal
sorry , i need all 3 hats .
no , but you can have everything else .
how about you get 1 hat and 1 ball , i get 1 book and 2 hats ?
hi , i would like the ball and 2 hats and you can have the book and 1 hat
could i at least get 1 hat ?
sorry , no deal .
ok , deal .
i can take 2 balls and a book if that's ok
deal
deal
correct
i need the hat and the balls
i take the hat and the three balls , right ?
deal
i need the hat and the balls
no , i can't do that
hi , i would like the books and balls and you can have the hat
could i at least have 1 ball ?
ok , fine . you can have the hat and balls
i would like the hat and 3 balls
ok . can i have the book , hat , and 2 balls ?
ok deal
i need at least one ball
no , i get book and one ball
i'd like two balls a hat and the book .
you can have both hats if i get the two balls and the book .
ok , i'll take the two balls and a hat .
i would like the book and hat
i need the book
ok
i need the book and the ball
deal
yes
i can give you the book but , i need the ball ,
okay so you get the book and i get everything else ?
okay deal .
i will accept if you give me one additional object to go with my hats .
balls and books for me
take all the books and the hats
i'll give you one book .
you'll have one book and i'll have the rest ? is that what you're trying to say ?
no . you've got to do much , much better than that . how about one book and one hat ? or both hats ?
1 ) one book and one hat , or 2 ) two hats .
no
here are your options again : 1 ) both hats , or 2 ) 1 hat and 1 book .
ball is not even negotiable at this point . i've given you options while you just suggest random things . you can have an unsuited pair (book & hat) or a suited pair of hats .
no . choose .
one hat and one book ?
no deal . bye
give me the book
one book with all else
one book , 2 hat , 1 ball for me
one book , both hats for me then
one book and ball for me
4 of a kind aces , i win ? gimme book and both hats , and half the ball .
i need one book at least to go along with ball
ball for everything else
i choose one of each
ball for all others
no brah , i want the ball and both books , or you get the ball and i take the rest
gimme the ball brah
ok
i need the books and the hats
that won't work for me how about i take 1 book , both balls and 1 hat
nope , how about we each take 1 of each item
how about i get the books and you get the rest .
you can have 1 book , 1 ball , and 1 hat
that's what i just said . . . . . .
can i have the hat and two books please ?
no deal
still no deal .
no ball no deal !
i thought i just said no ball no deal .
i surely have to have either one hat or two books plus the ball . the ball was the basis of all this
you can have the hat and 1 book
you can have all the hats , i get the rest
i will go with the first deal then
you can have the hat and 2 books
you want the ball ? i get the rest then
i would like the books and the balls .
how about you take both hats and one ball ?
i need the hat and balls
ok
i need the hats and the ball
i need the hats and 1 book
sounds good
i need the ball and the books . . .
alright youcan have three hats and one book ?
i'd like the balls and the book , you get all the hats .
deal .
how about i take the book and 1 hat
i'd like balls and 1 hat or book .
you can have the balls and hats ill take the books
i want the basketball you can have the rest of the items
it is worth my life ! i love basketball , please ? ?
great , you have the books and hats . thank you ! !
how much is the ball worth to you
you can have the ball .
i can live with the ball and one hat
the ball is all i want and without it there will be no deal
drat . . . looks like an impasse
no deal
no deal
i need the ball and one book , you can have the rest
that's where the points are for me too : ( no deal
yep
no deal
no deal
hi i would like the books and balls and you can have the hats
sorry that wont work for me . i can offer you the hats and 1 ball
sorry , cant do that . looks like we wont be able to reach a deal
ok deal
you can have the balls but , i need the rest
i need one book and the hats
i will just take the hats if that is the best you can do
thank you .
i'll take two books and one ball
deal
can i have all three hats and the book
how about the ball and one hat ?
no , give me ball and 2 hats
ok , ball and one hat to me
i'd like 1 of each please . deal ?
okay , how's about i get 1 book and 1 hat and you can have the rest ?
i'm only getting 2 points with a book and hat . so i need the book and hat .
okay , setting numbers to 0 . no deal was agreed .
no deal was agreed
i was thinking i needed the same thing
balls have a value of 1 for me
guess we cannot deal =(
ok
you got to click on no deal was agreed
i need both balls and one book
i can do that . so i get both balls , you get the books and the hat
okay . what if i get both books and the hat ?
yes , that sounds good .
ill take the book and one ball
deal .
if i can have the book and the ball you can have the hats
okay you can have the ball if i can have everything else
thank you . deal .
i need ball or no deal
ok
ok
gimme the book
i would like the ball and books . you ca have the hats
what would you like with the ball ?
i neef at least 2 hats
without the hats i have 4 points . no deal
i really would like the ball too .
the hats and the ball .
if i don't get all the hats half of my bald headed family will get sunburn and without the abll we would have nothing to do .
i could maybe give you one hat and keep the baby in the shade .
book is straight up the only thing that has value for me , i would like it and nothing else .
deal .
ok , that works for me . you get the book and i get everything else .
i will take the hats and 1 book , you can have the rest
can you get by with just 2 balls ?
ok , deal for you having 3 balls and 1 hat
sorry , need the 3 balls and one hat , you can have the rest
no , sorry
i'd like 2 hats 2 balls
i suppose
there's only 1 book available
i get 2 hats 2 balls ?
ok
can you do 1 hat and 2 balls ? i need some points here too
ok , so you get a total of two hats , all the balls and three books
yea , i will keep the book and 1 hat
yea
and i need the hats and ball
ok
i need 3 hats and 1 book .
2 hats and 2 books for me ?
i need the hats and 3 balls
i need the hats , book and 1 balls
i need 1 ball with that
i can't do it
no deal
you can have the hats , but i need all the balls
how about you get the hats and the book and i get all the balls ?
if i give you a ball , i'll need the book then
no deal then ?
agreed , no deal .
you keep the ball and i get the rest
one book and one hat and one ball for you , fair
i take books and you keep the rest
no deal
no deal
thanks but i want the books and the ball
not fair for me sorry . no deal
nope sorry . i need the ball and books or no deal
no deal
no deal
i need the hat and the ball you can have the books
then i need the hat and at least 3 books
deal
i need the ball for the deal .
ball and two books is perfectly fair
can i have the books ? i really like books .
sure
yes i will take the rest , ok ?
no . there's only one hat . i would like the hat and you can have everything else .
no i want the hat
me neither .
you can have the balls . i'd like the hat and 1 book .
deal .
can i get 2 hats ?
you can have the 3 books , but not the hat or ball
not giving that one up
how about the balls ?
ok , so i get 2 balls and you get the hat and the book
deal agreed button isn't working on my end
i'll take the book and ball if you want the hats
hats have 0 value for me
take the balls , i'll take the rest
you let me have the balls you can the book and all three hats .
going to straight level with you , the balls are the only thing that has value for me .
sure , i will take two hats and give you two balls .
two hats for two balls
k
i'd like both balls , you can keep everything else .
sounds good
hello chap . i would be much obliged if i could get the two books and 2 hats .
how about we each get 1 book then since we both want them . 1 of each thing ? 1 book , 1 ball , 1 hat ?
okay . so then i will take 1 book and the 2 balls ? and you the 2 hats ?
that's the only thing of value . balls are useless to me . how about i take two books and 1 hat , you take the rest ?
ball is useless to me . . no points . can you propose something better ? i'm ok with one book , two hats ?
deal
are you willing to let go of the hat for the rest of the stuff ?
okay , i will take two books and the ball .
yes .
hello , how about the hat and 2 books for me , 2 books and the ball for you ?
i really need the hat . i can let go of anything else though .
so you just want 2 books and the ball ? i get the hat and 2 books ?
i need the balls
let's split the balls , one each . you can have the book if i get the hats
i'd like 2 balls , an 1 book please .
so do i . i'll take all balls you can have the rest .
deal . i'll take 1 ball , 1 book and you can have the hats .
that sounds good .
one hat and one ball for me , the rest for you
i need 2 hats and 2 balls .
deal
you can have two hats and one ball
deal .
im sorry i cant let go of the ball . i can offer you 2 hats and a book
i would like your book
i can give you a couple hats
i will give you the ball and 2 hats
sounds good
deal
i get ball and 3 hats
deal
i need the book or we wont get anywhere . so the book and two balls for me ?
i'd like the hat and book
deal
okay deal .
i'd just like a book
happiness , financial stability , the ability to eat cheesecake in unlimited amounts and not get fat . i'd also like those hats .
how about 1 ball 1 hat .
i'm afriad we are not going to be able to make a deal then
welp if you change your mind you let me know if what you would like to renegotiate for .
i think your lieing through your teeth i'll settle on 2 hats and the book .
what do you want ?
so would i ; i'll take 2 hats and 1 ball
no way ; 2 hats 1 ball or 4 hats
sounds that way .
i have to be above 5 and need 2 hats 1 ball to get there
i'm not lying , book is 0 hats and ball 2 each - we agree on 2 hats and book for you
id like books
no just books
you don't want any hats ?
you can have the books .
i'll take ball and a book and you can have the rest , ok ?
i need the ball , you can have everything else
well , i cant deal without the ball
click on no deal when it comes up then
i need ball and hats
hmmmm , tough call , ball worth much to me
noooooooo deal . breathe deal , breathe . its gone .
you can have book and one hat
fine
i want the book and ball
two hats and the book
ok
i would like 1 hat and 1 ball
thanks
i also need the hat , and 2 books
you can have the ball , i will take the hat and 2 books ?
i would be happy with just the hat
how about i take the ball and two books then
i'd like 1 of each
ok
i'd like to keep 2 balls . you can keep the rest ?
could i have the book and one of the balls and one of the hats
i can do that
no that is bad deal for me , i can give you the book , but i need both balls and one hat
sorry i cant accept that . i would need at least the ball and the books
the only way i can get let go of the ball is if i get everything else
ok , no deal then
no deal
no deal
you take the books and i will take the hats and the ball
i can't give up the ball
i can't do that , no deal
no deal
no deal
how about you take all 3 balls and i'll take the rest ?
i need at least a hat and a book
i do as well
balls have 0 value for me
ok
i'll trade 1 ball for 1 hat
no deal
i need a hat
how about a hat for two books
how about i give you a book for two balls
you can have all 3 hats if i can just have the ball and book
deal
the hats are worthless to me i need the ball and books
i can give you the ball if you give me two books and two hats
i need the ball and the books and you can have the hats
i have to have the ball or we can't make a deal
okay
ok
i want the book and the hat , you can have the balls .
deal !
deal .
i'd like the books , the rest to you
i'll give you both hats and two basketballs , but i'd like the rest .
hello , friend ! i have an interest in the hats and basketballs .
i think that's a fair deal .
i would like 1 of each item
i will take book and 2 hats
gibe me ball and book
i would like 1 of each item
i need the book but i would be happy to give you the hats and 1 ball
i will give you all the balls then but the hat is what i need the most as well
sorry i mistyped . it is the book that i need the most . so you can have the balls and i will take the hats and the book
that doesn't work for me . if i get the book and a ball , you can have the hats and a ball
the hats are worthless to me , and too many points are in the book
for expedience , i can do that
yeah , that's what i assumed
you can take all the books
i need the ball but you can have the rest
no deal
no deal
no deal
thanks , but id rather have the ball and hat
sorry , i cant do that .
ok no deal
no deal
no deal
all i need is the the ball .
if i can have the hats and the books you can have the balls
i can not give up a hat . you can have one book
thank you . deal !
i'd love all the balls but i need 1 hat too please .
okay .
i need the balls . if i can have the balls you can have everything else
i can't make that deal . i need either two balls and one book or all the balls
okay great ! thank you !
i'd like the balls and one hat .
i'll take the hats and book with one ball .
you can have two balls and the book . i'll take the hats and one ball .
thank you ! agreed !
i really like that book
keep the book , i just want the 4 balls
yes
i need the book and 2 hats
i really cant give up the book , but i will if i get the 2 hats and 2 balls
ok , can i have the hats as well ?
thanks
i would like the book two hats and one ball
ok all the hats to you and i will take the rest
i want the hats
i would like the book and both hats
ok
sorry , i thought you meant hat
one hat one book
both hats ?
no deal
book and one ball for you
ok
so what do we do
no deal
i need two hats
i just want the book
no , sorry the book is the only thing of value to me
yep , thanks
i sort of want the book , is there any other deal you could make without the book ?
ok , it's all yours . so i get everything else ?
you can have the hat if i can have the books and 2 balls
what about the third ball
that ; s gonna put me in the negative . i'd like 2 balls and the books
deal
i'd like the hat and the balls
you can have 1 ball and the books . i'd like the hat and one ball .
i'd like two balls and the hat
ok
i want the hat and two books
ok
i ll give you the hat and the ball i want the books
can i have the book and the balls and one hat ?
deal
deal
all books to me , you have all the rest
you take the books and i will keep the hat and the balls
alright sounds good .
hi i would like the balls and books and you can have the hats
i can offer the hats and 1 book ?
i need the hats and one other item
great
i'd like the book and the hat and a ball .
you can have the 4 balls if i can have the book and the hat
hmm . let me try four balls .
kk ! deal
no deal , i want 4 books and 2 balls .
no deal , thats low for me
no , leaves me with 4 that way
no deal
no deal , keep talking
you can have all the books if i can have the hat and balls .
no deal . you can have all the books if i can have 1 ball and the hat .
fine , you can have all the books and the hat if i can have both the balls .
no deal then .
okay .
deal .
if i can have the hat you can have everything else
great ! thank you !
funny , i was going to say the same thing for myself .
how about i take the hat , a book , and two balls ?
as long as i can get the hat too .
ok so i can have the hat and the books ?
ok
i would like two balls , one hat , and two books
well , we need to reach a settlement , so how can i finagle you into a fair deal ?
i definitely cant give you two balls , how about two books , one ball ?
if i give you the hat , i need all 3 bals
if i get all three balls , yes
nope
yeah we keep talking
no deal
no deal
no deal
if i can have the hats you can have the rest
okay then no deal . .
okay no deal .
no deal .
no deal
i can give you the two books , and 1 hat while i take 2 hats and 1 ball in return
could i have the hats and one book ?
deal
you take hat and two books , i'll take the rest .
i'd like hat and 2 balls or 2 books .
i'd like hats . you can have rest .
o
well i can live with that .
book and 3 hats for me
everything else to me and the book to you
i'll take the book and 2 balls .
you can have all the hats and 2 balls if i have the book .
sounds good .
hi , i need the book and 2 balls
can`t let the book , the book is the only thing with points
ok then let me have 2 hats and 2 balls , you can have the book . this is just split half
i need book and 1 hat
i cant either id be left with almost nothing
ok deal
i want the hat and ball
ok
i can not make that deal . if we can split the difference i will take the hat and two books and you can have the ball and one book
okay deal . thank you !
i want the hat and ball
i can give you the hat if i get the rest
1 hat or the rest are the same amount of points for me , and its low
well if were evenly split it probably is a stalemate on who gets less
ok
hi , i'd like 1 hat and 2 books .
no , i really need the hat .
no , i really need the hat and 2 books to have decent points
same here . no deal .
true . we can agree on the no deal then .
you can have the hats if i can have everything else
i'm not quite sure what you are saying . what would you like ?
i'm going to take the books and the ball then ?
deal
i want all hats at th value of 3
th hats value 2 hats 6 books value is zero and ball is four how many will youtak
wouldlike hats and your valu number
ok
ok
give me hat and ball
need hat or deal can't happen
would you trade the hat for a book ?
ok , i agree to your initial offer then .
i would like the book and the balls you can have all of the hats
i need the book and both balls
deal , thanks
you can have the book if i get the rest
how you get about book and 1 ball
ill keep the hat you take everything else
great
if i can have the book and the ball and one book i will give you the other three books
i will give you all of the hats if i can have the book and the hat
okay perfect ! i apologize for my last message . i messed up the hats . so you get all of the hats and i get the book and the ball .
i want the at least three hats and the book
ok you can have the book and ball if i can have the hats
i'll take books and ball , you can have the hats
so do i . . . i can not make the math work without the ball
hats have no value to me
guess we have no deal then
i have to have have the ball and books , nothing else works
i play hoops , i need the ball
i get the ball you get everything else , you get 6 items i get 1
i really have to have the ball
are you sure ?
could i have the book and one ball thank you kindly ?
you can you just won't so how about a little more insight on what we need for an agreement .
book is worth 6 to me the hats are worth 0 . i have to have the book for this to remotely work .
and that will occur when
how soon
i cant
ok i need a book and two hats and you keep the rest
lets talk until the no deal sign copmes
soon
next
i just want the ball and 2 books
ok deal
how about 1 ball and the book ?
i need the book and the hat . you can take the balls .
okay i'll take two balls and a book
book yes but only one hat for you
i need two balls
ok
i would like 2 balls and the book
i dont want a hat , i want the 2 balls
you can have one ball and 2 hats
hi i would like the books and ball and you can have the hats
me too
looks like it
just waiting for the button
yep
i need books
are we at no deal territory
ok
same
ok
you can have both of the books if i can keep all of the hats and the ball .
yes , i can do that . so three hats for me and that is all .
you can have all the hats . i keep the rest ?
okay
seriously ? you can have them
gimme the balls brah
i get three books and one ball
ok final answer
how about the hat and one book for me , the ball and two books for you ?
i can do that
what would you like
: - ) yeah that's exactly what i need for my friend with skin cancer who is in the hospital
i can take a hit and just give them the hat to protect their face . they can dribble in their wheelchair : - ) deal
oh no ; i want the book and the hat - but my past experience tells me you're going to give me a hard time . : )
do they need to read or can we satisfy them with two awesome basketballs to play with instead ?
exercise is always good when recovering . so i'll take the book and 2 balls ; you'll take the hat and 2 balls ?
ok , i'll take hat and ball
give me all books
ok
you get hat i get the rest
deal
no , i would like the hat plus 1 book please .
i'll take the balls you can have the rest
thanks !
yess
book and hats
ok deal
hello , is there anything you want in particular ?
okay 1 book 2 hats for you and 4 balls for me .
i will give you 2 hats
great
take 1 book if youd like
i have no clue what i'm doing , trying to figure it out .
i just want one basketball
ok
i'll take the books and two balls please .
sure i get all the books and 1 ball . deal
my ideal deal would get me the balls and the hat . the hat is pretty big for me . how about you ?
could we split the balls then ? and you take the books ?
and the hats ?
i get 1 hat 3 balls ?
ok
i'll give you three balls for one book
i'll give you one hat
yes
can i have the hat and the book you can have the balls
naw you can have the balls i want the book and hat
you take the balls ill take the book and the hat
then you can have the balls
i have no desire for the balls i want the hat and the book it sounds like a great deal you get 4 i get 2
no . deal last offer you take the balls i get the hat and the book .
no , i need the book , all else to you
i'll take book and two balls
i need the hat and the balls
ok that's not fair . one hat and two balls
yeah , okay , i'll take the book , rest to you
no deal
ok
i need the book and balls . you can have the hats .
how about one hat and the book ?
hi i would like the book and hats and you can have the balls
deal
if i can have the ball and three hats i can make that deal
i can offer the ball and 2 hats
if i can have the hats and one ball you can have the rest
okay deal .
balls and books for me
how about you take one book
okay you can have both books
if i can have the books you can have everything else
i need both or no deal
okay thank you .
gimme the ball
you take the books and the hat . i will take the balls .
i have to have at least one ball and the hat .
no way . no deal . i need one of the balls and the hat .
no deal then .
no deal
you take the books and the hat and i take the balls
i have to have the balls or no deal
nope , i have to have both balls , i don't care about anything else
i absolutely can not make a deal without both balls
no deal
i would like one book two balls and the hat
ok deal
that would leave me with 1 / 10 . i need 2 book and 1 ball
you take the books and the ball i keep the hats
deal
what would you like
i don't want any of the hats . i'll take the books and you can have the rest
if i can have the ball and the books you can have all of the hats
okay that works ! thank you !
you can have all the books and the hat if i can have the ball
could i have the ball and two books ?
sure
i need ball and hat
you take ball , i get rest
okay books for you i get rest
i want 1 ball and 2 books
i need the ball absolutely can do 1 book
most i can do is i get all books
i only want book . you can have the rest .
i want one of each .
deal .
give me books and hat
deal
i need the ball you can have the rest
great
deal
i need ball , you get rest
hmmm looks like a no deal
agreed , how much ball worth ?
same
whens the no deal button reveal itself ?
i would like the ball and hats , you can have all the books
i need the ball too , it's the highest value one for me
i feel like that's the only thing we're going to agree on
6 points for me , you ?
now that's just evil
it just did for me
i could use some books . you can have the hats .
ok you can have the hats and the ball . are we not supposed to agree the first time ?
ok . thank you .
you can have the books if i can have the hats and the ball
we just have to agree at some point . that deal works for me as well . thank you .
okay , i like that deal
yes , you get everything else but the balls
i would like the books and the hat and ill give you all the balls .
ok so i get all the books and the hat and you get all the balls .
i would like the book and the hats please .
can you make that either 1 more hat or 1 more ball ?
ok , deal .
i will give you 1 hat , 1 ball , and the book
no
hello i need to books and some balls - what about you
that can work for me .
ok you can have the books and two balls
hey there , i'd like the 2 hats and the book ; you keep all 3 balls ?
i'd allow you to keep the book , please give me 1 ball , and two hats .
i need the book , a ball and a hat
ok
ok
i'd like the book and ball please .
give me both balls thats all
okay
i want the hats two
i want two hats a ball and a book
lol two hats
cool
you can have the books .
how about you get one hat one book ?
you know that's impossible .
ok , two hats for you . i take the rest .
i need the books and ball
i can go ball and two books
guess we cant deal then
no deal
no deal
ball and three hats for me
ball to you everything else to me
ok no deal
no deal
no deal
can i have the hat and balls ?
alright , the balls and one book ?
i would like the hat and the books .
i really need the hat .
ok , that's fine .
no , i would accept 1 hat 1 ball
don't want books , want hat and ball
i'll take hat
deal
would you accept one book ?
how about i offer you three books
i can offer you either the hat or the ball only
okay ill take everything else
i'd like a hate and a book .
deal
give me the hat only , you keep everything else .
sorry , how about i take one book and one hat
you take all hats and i keep the rest
deal
what i get the rest
thanks make sure you take the right things
i need the ball and 1 hat ?
yes i will take the ball and 1 hat you get the rest
i need the book and 2 hats
ok how about i get the book and the ball ?
deal
sorry , i need all of the hats
eal
i can't do that i need either all the balls , or one of each object
i have to have 3 items or i can't make a deal
you get the book and 2 hats
yea
deal
i get the book and two hats and you get the rest ?
i need the book and three hats
thank you !
hello , can i have 2 hats and 2 books ?
i will need at least 1 hat too .
you can have all the books but i need one if not both hats .
sure , i'm feeling generous
i would like the ball , all else to you
deal
what would you like
and i get the balls and one hat ? deal
i'd like the books and one hat
deal
i would be content with the just the hat
okay
i'd like the hat and 2 books and you can have the basketball and 1 book
what if i take the hat and you have the rest ?
i would like the book 1 hat and 1 basketball you can have the rest
ok
ok i ll take the hat and leave you the rest
are you sure
ok
ok ill take the balls and books you get the hats
i'll take 2 hats .
i just want the balls
you take the rest
ok
i'll need one hat along with the ball and book
i guess . okay , you get 3 hats , i get book and ball
if i can have the hats you can have the ball and book /
that only puts me at 4 =\ the book is only worth 1 and the ball worth nothing to me , . . sure you can't part with all three hats ?
i can give you all the balls if you want , but i like the hat and book
nope
i would like the book and the balls .
any way you'd give up the book for balls ?
ok , i agree with your initial offer then .
i'd only like the ball
so youll give me the books ?
hi there
okay no problem . i will give you that , and the two hats , if you will allow me to have the three books .
cool !
hi i would love the ball
sure
i would like the book and all the hats
you take the hats , and i will take everything else
i can take the hats and you have the rest or 2 balls and 1 hat .
hey there ! i'd like the ball and maybe 2 hats ? what about you ?
can we split the hats ? i'm assuming our high value items are the ball and the book ?
oh alright . you have a deal . i get the ball and 1 hat .
you take the ball and 1 hat and ill take the rest
ill still be short , i need 3 hats and the book
ty deal
if i can have the books you can have the rest .
level with you the balls and hat are worth 0 to me .
well then we talk about until we can click no deal .
let me know if you care to renegotiate this endeavor
well you "practically" have no use , i have no use .
you want them , you don't need them .
no deal i can give you 3 balls
practically the same with me so i cant give you the books
yes no deal
why would i we both have no use for the hats and balls . . .
doesnt matter i need them
no , i need the hat . you can have the book and 1 ball
fine . no deal
agreed
no deal
nothing
i need the book and hat you can have the balls
no hat no deal
no deal
no deal
no deal
no deal .
you can have 2 of the balls and 2 of the books .
ok , you can have the hat if i can have all the books , 2 balls , and the hat .
the hat and balls for me
counteroffer ?
that hat is what i need
okay , my pictures have disappered . . . i need two of what is on top :
i'll give you you one each of book , hat , and ball .
ok , you get two of the one of the middle and i get the bottom .
i want the hat and both books .
yes
ok if i agree then you get 1 hat and 2 books . i get 3 balls in exchange . do we have a deal ?
we have a deal . you get 1 hat and 2 books . i get 3 balls .
hmm . i guess i can let you have the balls and one book .
ew . i'd like the balls and whatever else you'd be willing to spare ? : )
fair enough , deal
i'll take the book and hats if you want the balls
balls have 0 value on my end
i want the book and one ball
i need the book and you can have both hats
can i have the hats and the balls ?
sounds good
you can have the hat and 2 balls
i would like the books and the hat .
i can give you 1 book and the ball
so you are getting 1 ball and 1 book correct ?
i will need at least two books along with the ball .
deal
yes
ill take the hat and ball you can have the books .
thanks i get the ball and hat your get the books .
works for me ! thank you !
id like 3 balls
ok 3 balls for me rest for you
gimme book and hat
deal
ok that sounds like a good deal
i just want the ball the rest is yours
hello , i would like the hat and the books and am willing to give you the balls in return
i need to get the hat but am willing to adjust my offer . i will take the hat and 1 book while giving you 2 books and the balls
that's the best offer i can manage
no problem , all of the books are ? i can give you 2 but do need at least 1 as well
okay , i guess i can do that too
i want hat and 1 ball
boo
forgive last message ; it was a partial word only . book is a must for me .
i'll settle for the hat ; you take all others .
deal
return one ball to me and you've got a dal .
the balls and hat to me
ok deal
i want one of each
i'll need all the books and the ball , or the ball and the hat
books are almost worthless to me , can't do that
deal
you can have 2 books and the ball . i need the hat and 1 book
you can have all the books . i need the hat and the ball
ok , you get the books and the ball . i will take the hat
you can have books
two books and one ball
no deal
nd
nd
i want the hats and a book
i'll need a hat in addition , or it won't work for me
balls worthless to me
nd
nd
i take two books and one ball
how about i just take two books thats it
ok
no , how about 1 book and 2 balls
that will not work , i will take two books and you can have the rest
how about i keep the balls and hats , and you can have the books ?
deal .
i dont want the hats , i would like 1 ball and 1 book
perfect
i will give you 2 books and 2 hats .
i agree .
i want the hats and ball .
ok .
i'll take the book and ball . you can have the hats .
i need hat and 3 balls
still a bad deal for me
ok
i would like the hat and 2 books
you can have all the balls and a book for the hat and 2 books for me
ok ill take just the hat
i get hat and ball you get the rest
deal
give me books and one ball
i would like the basketballs and both hats you can have the book
i will take the basketballs and 1 hat you take the book and 1 hat
i need the book and one other item .
deal
hello i would really like the books and the hats - what do you need ?
thats not going to to work . i will need 2 books and the hats .
it is
you can have the hats but , i need the books and the balls
if that is your final deal
i just wannt the 4 books
i can live with that
gimme one book and the rest
take the ball and give me 1 book atleast and the hats
yes perfect so i will take hats and one book
i need the ball and 2 books
ok so i will take 1 ball and 1 book ?
deal
what would you like
how about all hats for you and i keep the rest
deal
i need the hats and the book please
okay that seems acceptable . deal .
i need the two hats and you could keep the rest
thats fine
need book and 2 hats
ouch , book only thing worth something
no deal ?
ok
sorry i cant let you do that i need the book and balls
i guess we can do that i wont be at alot of points though
yes thats fine
can i take the hats and book ? you get the balls ?
unfortunately i can't let go of the book . i can give up one of the hats if need be , though .
pretty much the same after giving up the hat , but at least we'll be just about even , i believe ? i think that's our best bet . . . i get 1 book , 1 hat , you get 3 balls , 1 hat ?
hello
if i get the books and balls
ok deal
i'd like hats if that works for you .
agreed .
books and hat please
id like hat and 2 books
no
fine
you can have the books , i'll take hat and ball
you can have the hat and one book . deal ?
i take hat and one book then
deal
hi , ill take the hat and ball and you can have all the books
i can part with 2 balls but can i get the hat and both books ?
deal
how about you get one hat and one book
yes you can get two books and one hat
deal
may i have the book and 1 ball . you get the rest
deal
give me all balls and books
ok
how about 2 balls and 1 book for the hats and 1 book for me
i would like books
thats fair
i would like books and hat
i'd give you books if i get everthing else
ok
i would the book and a ball , please .
how about you give me 1 ball and the book .
how about all 4 balls and i get the other two
deal
give me the books and balls
give me books and 2 balls
deal
balls and hats for me
i'll take the hat and three balls
if i can have the two hats and the book you can have the balls
i can take the book and the balls if you want both hats
okay then i will take the hats and the balls and you can have the book ?
what deal are you willing to make ?
i wanted the book and one of the hats and one of the balls
i want the book more than the hats
ok deal
i really wanted 1 of each .
can't argue with that - i'll take 4 books 1 ball
i'd like hat .
i have to have hat . it's 7 points for me .
all i want is the hat and the balls
yes
can i have one ball ?
i can't do a deal without the hat .
but i'd like at least one of the balls , too .
i need the hat and book , you can have the balls
ok , you take the hat , i'll take the rest
deal
ok
you can have the books .
i would like the books . you can have the basketballs
i'd like the hat
ok . you can have the hat and the balls . i'll keep the books
fair , can i keep the hat too ? its pretty .
would you be willing to give up any books ?
sounds good . thank you . i agree to this .
lemme get that hat and two balls
so you want the hat , two books and one ball ?
no deal , i really need that hat .
i can live with that
i keep the hat and give you one ball and one book .
how about i keep the hat and one ball and you get everything else
you get the hat and one ball . . .
deal
sorry can't give up the ball
no i can't give up the ball under any circumstance
i do need 1 hat . what if i take the ball and 1 hat and you get the rest
i would like two books and a ball .
can you give up the ball in exchange for one book ?
alright , i'll take both books and the hats .
deal .
i'm fine with only both balls
deal .
i must have the book , you can have the rest .
i wantthe book and one ball
deal
and i want a million dollars
you take all balls and i keep the rest
so i ll take the 0 points ball and two hats
no deal , keep it going
fine
i want the hats and book and 1 ball
i'll let you counteroffer
balls are worth nothing to me
no deal , hats have to be mine
i can take 1 hat and the book to make a deal
no i want both hats and 1 ball and 1 book
2 hats and 2 balls then ?
2 balls and 2 hats ?
how about 2 hats 1 ball and 1 book ?
2 hats 1 ball and 2 books ?
i need at least 1 book
2 hats and 2 books
how about i get 1 book , 1 hat , and 1 ball . even down the middle ?
ok deal
if i can have the books and one ball you can have the rest
that isn't going to work . you can have two hats and one ball if you would like .
that isn't going to work . you can have one ball
no deal . you can have one ball and two hats .
not going to work . you can have two hats and one ball
i need the books .
no deal .
definitely can't do that .
i'll take the books and you can have the rest
i want the 3 books please
sure
i can take everything else ?
deal
hi , can i get the hats and the ball ?
sorry , no deal , i really need the hats
thats very low for me if we split the hats .
no deal then , keep talking untill we can submit
no deal
no deal
the ball yes , but i want the hats and books
can we split the hats ?
well , can we , otherwise no deal can be made on my end
ok
but maybe you just split the hats : d
hi , i need the book and one hat
the hat and 2 balls , deal ?
one hat and one book for me , deal ?
thats useless for me , sorry
for me ? deal
you take all the balls
one ball and one hat
one hat and one ball
ok then one hat and two balls like you said earlier
yes for you
how about you take the book and one hat ?
no , but i agree to your intial offer though .
i will take the book and 2 hats .
how about i take the book , one hat , and the ball .
okay i will take the book and 2 hats . have a nice day .
i want the balls and hats
ok , ok , i'll give you the books and balls
cant do that . . . balls are most important to me . . . want at least 2 plus 2 other items
i'd like the two books , you can have the rest .
deal !
i get the ball and 1 hat . you get rest
deal
i can't give up the ball , but i can give you the book and two hats
i want the hat and two books .
if i can't have the hat , then i need everything else .
no deal .
still no deal . it is either the hat or everything else . sorry .
deal .
that's what i need
what if i take the hat and 1 book and you can have the rest
ok what if i take the hat and 1 ball
i will take the hat and you can have everything else
if i can have the hat and the books you can have the balls
i can not part with both books you can have one book
okay deal .
i'll need both books and one ball .
i'd take one book and both balls .
i can give you the book if i get 1 ball and the hats
deal
hi , i would like 1 book and 2 balls .
1 book and 1 ball for me ? the rest for you ? deal
that sounds good
i will trade you two hats for one book
what would you like
book and one ball
i want the book and two balls
deal . (i get those , you get the hat and two balls)
i like to have the hat too .
the same to me .
ok . i will take everything else this time .
great .
i just need the hat
everything else has no value for me
that's not good for either of us
great
what would you like
how about you get two balls and one book
no can do ,
how about i keep the hat and you get the rest
no can do
the hat and a book
i need the hat
i guess no deal then
no can do
ok then no deal
i would like the hat , the book and one ball .
thanks
deal
i will give you the hat and 1 ball if i can have 2 balls and the book
no , i need the balls and the book . the hat is worth the most which i am willing to trade for the 1 hat and 2 of the balls
deal , thank you
how about you get all balls and i get the rest
ok you get two balls and one book
how about 2 balls and a book ?
deal !
i would like the books and one ball .
how about you can have the hats and one book ?
in exchange for everything ?
ok deal
i can give you the balls
yes
okay deal
i want the hat and 2 balls
thanks
okay deal .
i'll take the ball you can have the rest
listen i gave you the hats and book
nah i dont read or wear hats but ido play ball
look this time you get the ball i get the rest the next time it's mine ?
i need the ball too .
you can take the rest . i want the ball .
me too .
i already gave a favor last time .
i will take the book and basketballs you take the book
haha sorry i meant the hat and basketballs you take the book
deal . . thanks
read what you typed
deal ! giggles
you take all balls and i keep the rest
why do you need the hat , i need hats
same here
yeah keep writing no deal
ok one hat
yes
ill take the balls but i need at least 1 hat too
because i need to make a decent score . . . . . .
ok , looks like we wont make a deal
no deal
so youre offering me the balls and 1 hat ?
deal
i would like the books and the hat .
deal .
i need the hat . you can have the books and we can split balls
i would like 1 hat , 1 ball , and 1 book .
i can't do a deal without at least the hat and the ball .
sorry no deal .
agreed . no deal .
no deal .
and i would like a million dollars , you take oe ball and one book
ball and two books for you
no deal
no
no deal
i really need the ball . how about 1 ball and 2 hats for me , the rest for you ?
ok , sounds like a fair deal
i'd like one of each
i would need book and 3 hats to make 6 / 10
i'd like at leas tone hat . you can have one book
i'll take two books and one ball
ok deal
i'd like the hats , the rest to you
ok , i'll take two hats , one ball , and all the books to you
perfect , i'll take the hats only
i'd like both hats
i'd be happy with 1 hat and 2 books
i get the balls and hats please .
you can have that . deal
i'll give you the book and one hat ?
how about just both hats ?
i'd prefer the book and both hats . does that work for you ?
no chance i could get the book and both hats ?
i really need to get that book , so i guess 1 hat and the book will work .
deal !
i can give you the ball and 2 hats
deal .
hey there ! i'd like the two balls ; you can keep everything else !
i need one of each item
no . i need the hat and the ball then .
no . i need the hat and 2 books
that would leave me with 3 / 10 . i need the hat and the ball
nope , still not good enough for me . i need the hat and ball
deal
no , that doesn't work for me . you can have all 3 books if i can have the hat and basketball .
there's only 1 hat and 1 ball . how about i take the ball and 2 books .
you can have all 3 books if i can have 1 hat and 1 ball .
okay . you can have the hat and 1 book .
unfortunately , i cannot give up the ball . i will give you the hat and 2 books . final offer .
that works for me ! thank you !
if i can have the book , you can have the rest
ball , one hat , one book .
okay you can get
i need one of each
doesn't work for me . i need the ball and the book
okay , i'll take the rest
i only need the ball . . . the rest are yours
the ball is all i want and without it there will be no deal
deal
i can't give up the ball . but i'll let you have the books , if i get 2 hats and 1 ball
no
yes , if i can have 3 hats and the ball
can i have the books ?
sure
i really need the ball and would also like the books . what do you want ?
the hats are worthless for me , so you can take them all . can we split the books in that case ?
i want the books and 2 hats . it`s a split
ok , i`ll take one book and 4 hats
sure
good day . would you terribly mind if i have 2 basketballs . you can have everything else if i could .
have a snazzy day !
hey there ! i'd like the hats and at least 1 ball .
that won't work for me as the books are worth nothing . i will take 2 balls and 1 hat , the rest is yours .
correct
i have to have the hats , you can have the rest
so i get the book and 2 hats
sounds good
i can accept but , i need one of the books as well
okay deal .
i just want the books , you can have everything else
nope , i need all of the books .
i'd like to keep the two hats .
ok deal
i want a hat and two books
i would like the books
yep
that's fine if i can have everything else
i'll tke book and hat if you want the balls
balls are zero for me =\
ok
books are only 1 point for me . i can do hat and 1 book or ball .
then i'll do balls and and book . that at least gives me 5 points .
how about i take all the hats and 1 ball and you can have the rest ?
i only need one ball and you can have the other ball and the books
so i will take one ball and 3 hats
ok you take all hats and i get the rest
all hats yes but no ball , no book then i can't have that much
ok so one ball and what else
i enjoy books the most
okay , books for you , the rest to me
i'd like 2 balls 1 book
ok
okay sounds good
yes okay
can i have the book and the balls ?
okay deal i get book and 2 balls you get the 3 hats
yep , deal
can i get the ball and all of the hats ?
don't think i can do that . if you get the book then i need the ball and one hat
what if i get the hats and the book ?
and i would only have 3 if you get the ball and book .
yes either way you come out way better .
book and hats is only 4
no i get a total of 4 with all of the hats and the book .
okay no deal
sorry , i need the ball . you can have all the hats though . i would need the ball and the book .
hats have no value for me . i really can't go any lower than a ball and a book .
i can't do that either . that would leave me with just 5 .
so i guess we're stuck at no deal then .
how may points do you get if i give up the book ?
so you get 8 total . that's not better for me . so no deal agreed then ?
i can't do it without the book and the ball . sorry . no deal ?
i just want a hat and 2 books or 2 balls or 1 of each
deal
two book and two balls , discuss .
take the hat and two books , i'll keep the balls .
can i just have the ball and hat ?
okay that works for me !
i will need at least one book .
how about one ball ?
give me the hat and books
give me hat , one book , and 2 balls
deal
greetings ! i the great periwinkle power ranger come to request of you one hat , one ball and one book , so i can set off in my ventures to save the world !
we have battles to fight and this may be difficult . i will be happy to give you one hat and two balls to defeat evil doers
alas , i'm going to need either the hat or the ball in addition to the balls to fight battles of my own
deal
i need both hats and both balls
hos about we split the balls , you take the book and i take the hats
confirming that i take both hats and 1 ball
i need both balls and both books
okay
yes
i need the ball and the hat ?
books are worthless to me , i need bothe the ball and hat
how about all the books and the ball ?
if you take the ball i will need all 4 books
how about the ball and 1 book
i get 3 books and the hat
i'd love the ball and 2 books .
so i can have the ball and the hat ?
yeah that will work .
yes
no way
let me have 2 hats and you take the rest
hi , i need 3 hats and 2 books
then make an offer
ok deal .
i want the book and at least one ball
deal
deal . you get 1 book and 1 ball
i need 1 of each . . . . . you ?
i can't do thst . . . . . books are only 1 point for me
i can do all the books and a hat or a ball
i'd like hat and ball . you can have books .
books are 0 for me .
i'll take ball . you can have the rest .
if i take the ball i need two hats as well
i really need two hats to make it worth it : (
i need the books and the hats you can have the ball .
i need both books and 3 hats
so i get 2 books and 2 hats , i guess that will work
i need the books and the balls
i need both books and 1 ball then
so i get 2 balls and 1 book , that would work for me
okay
cant do that
nope cant do that best i can do for you is for me to take 1 book and two hats
yes
deal
could i have the ball and two hats ?
you can have the ball if i can have everything else correct ?
how about you get three book and both hate and i will take the ball
right sounds good to me ball for me and you get everything else
that could not be fare . . .
i need one book and the hats
that sounds good
no no , wait
that's very raw deal
no deal then
hi . i'd like four hats and the book , leaving you with two balls . what do you say ?
what are you offering ?
i definitely can't give up the hats . how about you take the book and the balls , and i get the hats .
ok great . i get all the hats , you get the book and both balls . deal ?
what ?
ok , well then we're not going to make a deal , because i am not giving up any hats .
ill take the balls you get the rest .
that works for me ! thank you !
read the instructions , no intros allowed , just get started negotiating . deal
goodday sir . i'm a bookloving nerd , as i'm sure you can ascertain by my communication . would you mind terribly if i took the book , and left the rest to you to dispose of as you see fit ?
i want the hats and balls
ok deal
i need the book which is great for us , but i also need atleast one ball
i'd love to take that hat and book please
hat and two balls ?
i can give the hat but could you take the hat and a ball ?
ok , deal
i have to have the book , you can have the rest
i have to have the book or no deal
i need at least 1 other item
okay
i want the book and balls
how about you have the hats and i'll take the rest ?
you can have the book if i get everything else
you can have one hat
hi i would like the balls and books and you can have the hat
sorry i need the 3 balls . i can offer you the hat and 1 book
i'd like the ball and the hat , you can have the books .
deal
i need the books and basketball
both books and the hat please .
the books and one ball please .
okay dela
i would like the books and the hat .
i can give you one book and the balls
that definitely won't work
i can't do that . one book and both balls or it's no deal .
what would you like
hi
one book and one ball for you
i need hats
one book
hi
i will take 1 hat 1 book and a ball .
how about 2 books and a hat then
then you keep the hats , i take the books and ball
deal
i'd like the ball and the hats , but we can negotiate on them .
books hold no value to me ; any chance we can make a swap on a book or two ?
i don't need the book . . . no value - i'll take ball and 1 hat ?
all hats to me , you get the rest
you get one of each i get 3 hats
the book
deal .
what would you like
you can have the book if i get the rest
how about i get two balls and the hat ?
okay , that works for me .
i would like the hat and one book you can have the balls and one book
ok deal
i want the book thouigh . a book and two hats for me
ok , i take everything else but the book ?
if i can have the ball and the book you can have the hats
i need the book or i can not make a deal . you can have the ball and two hats if that works for you
okay deal .
can ii have the two balls ?
you can have all those hats if i can have just the two balls , they are kinda my jam .
if i can have the books and the hats you can have the balls
what about a hat instead of a book ?
you can have one book and one ball if that works for you
no deal . that doesn't leave me with anything .
no deal .
i need 1 book with the balls
i have to have a book or no deal
i need both balls and 1 book or no deal
no deal
no deal
could i have all three hats ?
yes
deal , i'll take all 3 balls .
i would like the hat and book
sounds good
i can give the ball and a hat
i need the ball , and a book
great , we have a deal
give me the hats . you can have the rest .
sounds good to me , thanks .
sounds good
i want 1 hat and 1 ball
no i need 2 books 1 hat 1 ball
so you will need which items
not all books and all balls
no
no deal comprimise m 2 books 1 hat 1 ball
can i get the books and the hats ?
no , thats a raw deal for me
the books and the balls
all
no deal then
i'd like both balls and the hat ; the books are all yours .
take your 10 points then . . . i'll take the 2 balls . : ) books are nothing to me .
i have to have the hat . it's 7 .
can i have 1 of each thing .
dang , i need 1 of each thing to even get a remotely decent score .
no the points are not the same unfortunately .
no deal
same here .
sorry , i need 1 book , and at least 2 hats .
same here , but i figured it'd possibly work out for both of us if i get the 1 book and 2 hats .
no deal ?
setting numbers to 0 and waiting for the no deal button
unless you can settle for me getting 1 book and 1 hat ?
hello there ! if you give me the hat and ball you can have all the books ! knowledge is power !
books hold no value to me , so that's really my best offer - will all 4 books help you ?
alright , you can have the ball . . . i'll take the hat and wear it with pride !
i would need either the hat or ball and most books
no , i would need all books and either the hat or ball
thanks !
i'd like 1 of each
oke dokey
okay that is fair .
i would like 2 balls and the book
i need at least 1 ball and 1 book
do you want to split the hats , i will take 1 and you can have 2
there are 3 hats
i can do a book , but not two balls
ok , one book and one ball
nah , i prefered the first deal . you get one book and one ball . i keep the hats
you take the hats , i take the book and the balls
hey
just one book ? ok
i want one books
yes
hm . . . . . . ok
gimme the books and hat
i'll i want is the ball , friendo .
maybe you should take those two books , and i'll throw in 3 hats for your troubles .
deal
how about you just take the two books
okay deal
sorry that wont work for me . i would like 1 of each
i cant let go of the book either . looks like we wont be able to reach a deal
i agree
just waiting for the button
yep
i need the book and 2 hats , you take the ball and 1 hat
i have to have the book and 1 hat , you take 2 hats and the ball
no deal
no deal
me too
need the hats and one book so this to be fair on my side
at least one book . 3 hats and one book
no deal , sorry won`t let go of the book
no deal
no deal
if i can have the books and the ball you can have the hats
you can have the hats and the ball but , i need the books
no deal . i need both books or no deal .
no deal .
no deal .
i will give you a book and a hat
ok
i would like the book
deal
i would like the hat and books , you can have all the balls
balls hace zero value on my end
ok
i would like the hat , 2 balls , and 1 book .
nope . can't do that . i want the hat , 2 balls , and 1 book .
okay , i'll take the hat and 3 balls . you can have the 2 books .
take the book and 2 hats
i'd like the balls and hats
i'll take the balls and book , you take the hats
i'm in the same boat , i don't get all the balls , no deal
no deal
ok
i can not make that deal . you can have the hats but , i need the balls and the book
no deal . i need the balls or i can not make a deal
okay i'm sorry . no deal .
no deal
no deal
no i need the books and the ball
ok
you take a ball and i keep the rest
one book then
i only need the hat . it's 10 for me .
so no deal until the button ? i obviously can't make any other deal .
no deal .
nada
ne
how about you get the ball
i need the hat , or i would only have 4
no were stuck on this one
yep no deal
nothing
i'm not athletic you i don't need the balls , but i will take the book and the hat and you can have all the balls
i'll give you the book if i can have 2 balls with the hat
balls worth little , need book
ok
what item is worth the most to you ?
i want the basketball and all the books .
ok
two books and a hat , you could take the rest ?
i would at least need the hat and a book
no deal .
how about give me two books , one hat and one ball ?
deal !
i'll give you the 3 books .
how about the 3 books and the basketball ? i'll the keep the hats .
how about 3 books and 1 hat .
sounds good .
good start but i need the hats and one book . . .
done
i would like the basketball and books you may have both cowboy hats
ok deal
can't do that . what if i take two balls and the hat ?
what if i get the book , the hat , and one ball ?
what if i take two balls and the book ?
deal
gimme hat and all balls
i take all balls , you get rest
no deal
ok
hi , can i get all the balls ?
sorry , need all the balls . if i get 3 balls i need the 2 books
ok deal
you can have 3 balls
you can have all of the balls . i get the rest
i need the ball . you can have the rest .
i want the hat and either two books or the ball
if i take everything else i'll give you the hat
i'd like a ball and maybe a hat .
you can have all the books . any budge on the hat ?
nah i need the ball . you can have the 3 books and the hat .
how about i take the two books ?
sounds good
i need the books as well . . can we split the difference ? can i have one of each and you can have one book and one ball ?
okay great !
looks like we are after the same items . i want 2 balls 1 book .
i would take 1 ball , hat & 1 book
i'll settle for hat & 1 ball
deal
i need the balls and the hat , you can have the books
i would need 1 ball and all the books and you can have 1 ball and the hat
i can't do that
okay
you can have both books , and ill keep the rest .
i need both books
sounds good
both hats
ok , i could take that
what would you like
how about one hat and two balls for you
i'm sorry i can't accept that . how about i give you one ball and the hat ?
i would like the book and the hat and you can have the rest .
balls have 0 value for me . how about i take the hat and you get the rest ?
i will take the balls and the book and one hat .
no deal . i need the hat and 1 other item .
sorry . i mistyped . i meant the ball . i need the ball and 1 other item .
the only other thing i can do is you take the ball and i take everything else . that's 5 points for me . i can't deal for less .
so you take everything else and i'll take the ball . 5 points for me and 6 points for you .
i'll take the ball and books if you want the hats
i'll take a book and ball
i cant make it work without the ball . . . . . the hats have 0 points on my end
same here . . . ball is only worth 4 on my end
i want the book and two hats
its about 60 40 but that will work
ok that is perfect , i need the ball and 1 hat deal ?
you keep the balls i keep the hat and the book
i can't make a deal without me getting both the book and the hat
yes
i need the book and two balls
i'll take the book and one ball - i need the book
that's your final offer ?
okay , you get those , i get three balls
deal .
i want the ball the rest you can have
i'd like the hat and a couple balls .
can't do that . it's a bad deal for me that way . i gotta have the hat . i could do the hat and one ball .
sorry . no deal .
sorry .
you too !
i can't give up the hat , i need the hat and the book , you can have the balls
i have to have the hat or no deal
no deal
me too , have a nice day
no deal
i need the hat and the balls
the hat is non negotiable , i have to have the hat
i can't make a deal if i don't get the hat , there is no other possibility
then i guess no deal
my hat isn't worth 10 points , no need to be rude
i need the hat and the books
i also need the hat
i cant make a deal if i dont get the hat either
good no 10 points for you
then why do you want it so bad ?
i will give you 3 books for 1 hat and 1 ball
how about i give you 3 books for 1 hat
i will give you 3 books and 1 ball for 1 hat
sorry , i really need the hat and at least 1 book and bal
can i get 3 books and 2 balls for the hat ?
okay , i'll take 3 books and 1 ball .
i want 1 book and two hats . you can have all the balls
sounds good
i want book , you can have all rest
how about you take all hats and leave me the ball and the book ?
hats hold no value to me at all . i'd like the ball and the book .
can i have the basketball and 3 hats ?
how about you take all the hats and leave me the rest ?
i want the ball and hat
no deal
no deal
no deal
i will once i can
well i would like the ball and two books .
guess we will have no deal then .
yep no deal .
you will probably need to click no deal .
yea it takes a certain umber of rounds before it becomes active .
i need the ball and hat , you can have the rest
i can't part with the ball . i can give you books and hat
okay , no deal
i think your grandma would rather have books and a hat
no deal for grandma , sorry
i can't leave here without the ball
i need the ball
there wont be a deal without the ball
are you sure ? my grandma really needs the ball
no , she's a big lakers fan , shoots regularly
but maybe you reconsider ?
i need two books
you can have everything else . deal ?
ok
i need the hat and the balls you can have the books
great
i am willing to take the books for that deal .
i'd like the hat and 2 books please .
ok sounds good .
ok , if i can have the books too .
deal
hello . you can have both balls if i can have the hat .
i'd like at least one of the books .
okay , great . two books , two balls for you . one book , one hat for me .
i would love to have the book , 2 hats , and a ball
that won't work for me . how about i get the hats and you get the rest .
so you get a book and 1 hat and i get the rest ?
deal
i can give you both balls and one hat
i can't agree to that i would need either all of the hats or the book and 1 hat
yes
i can offer you two hats
how about i give you all the hats and i take everything else
i'll need the book as well .
okay .
i'd like the hat and one book
no , that won't work . you can have the hat and i'll take everything else
ok , i'll take the hat and one book
the hat is worth a lot to me , you can have it though if i can have everything else .
i think i liked your original offer a bit more than that one .
if i can have the ball , hat , and one ball you can have the other three books
okay that works !
how about i just take the hat and you take the rest ?
gimme the hat you can have the rest
i want a book , a hat and a ball
ok sounds good
i would like the books and the hats .
how about you let me have both books and keep the rest ?
could i have the book and a ball
i can work with that . thanks
you can have a book and a hat
ok
can i have both hats and balls ?
i ; d really like a ball
both hats and i keep the rest
ok one ball
i just want the balls
deal .
how about you get one hat and two balls
are you sure
i'll take it !
hats to me along with balls
nope , no deal ?
need hats with one ball
i will take the book and the hats .
no . i will take one of each .
i will take the book and the balls .
deal .
hi ill take the hats and you can have the rest
deal !
i'll take the books , you can have the rest .
that actually works for me .
i would like the books and the hat .
deal .
is there any way i could get the balls and the hat ?
very well . i will accept 2 books and 1 ball .
i would like the hat and 1 ball .
great , thank you .
i want the hat and 3 balls
deal
i want a book a ball and a hat .
take the hat and two balls
deal
hats and books is what im after here .
toss in a ball ?
kinda leaves me out cold here
and im betting those balls are worth a lot more to you than me and those books less so how about you keep your balls and i'll take those books and hat
you can have the hat and 2 books
nope
you said you have no interest in the balls . i countered a very reasonable offer you got 3 of the 4 things you were after .
you are wrong , i need 1 book
i need the hat and the ball and you can have the books
okay thank you !
hi i would like the books and hat and you can have the ball
that seems fair . deal
i would like the book and hat ?
that does not amke sense to me ? ? what ? ou get the rest and i take the rest ?
i do not need the balls at all they are worthless to me
i need the hat and the book ?
that is the only deal i have which means you would get all 3 balls
ok i will take the hat and all 3 balls , not a great deal but we can do that
how about you get the rest and i take the rest
sorry , you get the hat and three balls
so get the hat
no deal
i need the book or no deal
thx
hello . i would like the ball a book and a hat .
i need the ball for the deal .
what if i get the ball and two books and you get 3 hats ?
you can have all the books if you give me a ball
i'd be willing to give up the ball if you give up a hat
sure i'll take that . we have a deal
you take all hats and i keep the rest
one ball and three hats , ok deal
i'll take the hats and a ball
i'll take the ball . you keep the rest .
deal
i need the books and the hat you get the balls
so i get the books and 1 ball
i need the hat and two balls
yes
i would like hat and 1 ball
correct
i would like three books and two basketballs
three books , and one basketball ?
you can have the hat and one basketball , no problem
i want a book a ball and two hats
i want at least 1 book
i want the books and ball .
no way . i want the books . you can have the rest .
then i want a book and the ball .
i want the book you can have the rest
ok
you get books i keep the rest
deal
i need the hat too
can i have one ball as well ?
if i can have the balls and the hats you can have the book
that is acceptable . deal .
i need the books and one other item
sounds good
i'll take the balls and 1 hat . you take the books and 1 hat .
hello . i need the book and both hats .
the balls are of no worth to me .
i need the book as it is the most value to me
neither can i . the balls are of 0 value
understood
sorry , won`t work for me , need the book and 3 balls to deal
i`ll take the balls and the book then
i won`t let go of that book
sorry no deal then
no deal , keep talking and we can submit with no deal
i would like the books and the balls and you can have the hats
i need the 2 books and 1 ball
ok
no deal , you can have one of each item
ok you get 2 books and 1 ball . i get 1 ball and 2 hats
i'll take the book and 3 balls .
then make a better offer .
if you get he hat i need the book .
no deal .
as i said no deal .
i must have the book
the book and hat for me
just hte book then for me
book or no deal here
yeah so keep saying no deal
hello . i'd like a book , a hat and a ball .
i can't give up the book . at the very least , i'd need the book and the hat , leaving you with three balls .
there's no way i can do that . i'd be left with 4 .
i don't think we'll be able to make a deal , either . i'm sorry .
ok . no deal .
i have to have either the book and the hat or the book and all the balls
if you take the book , i need the rest
unfortunately i think no deal
no problem , no deal
no deal
i need ball
i need ball , hard to make deal without it
i need ball
undealable deal it looks like
i also want the book and hat
ok
i want the book and the hat .
i'll take the book and two balls . you can have the rest .
i want the book and ball
i need the book , you can have everything else
no deal unless i get the book
then no deal .
hi , i like the hats
ok
hi , i like the hats too . you can take the books and ball if i can keep the hats
i want 2 books and a ball
3 books and a hat
no deal then , i get either 3 books and a hat or just the ball
ok
how about you get three books
how about three books
no hat
you get the ball and three books
ill give you a book , a hat and a ball
ok
what deal are you willing to make ?
how about the ball and the hats ? you keep the books
1 hat 1 ball and i keep the rest
3 balls and a hat ?
haha no
ok , three balls and a hat for me
if i can have the hats and the books you can have the ball
i can't do that because i won't be able to get any points
okay you get the ball and i get everything else ?
i will need one of the hats to go with the ball .
ok , i agree to your initial offer then .
i would like a book , and both balls .
i can't agree to that .
i can't agree to that either .
i can agree to a deal if i get the hat and both balls .
guess it is no deal .
the balls are what need . i can give the rest
ok , how about i get a ball , the hat and a book
do you have any suggestions ?
no deal
no deal
i am willing to be flexible with the hats . i would like 1 book and 2 balls .
no books available , i like 1 book 1 hat
i don't have book but i'll give you 3 balls and 1 hat
okay 2 books enough
could i have the ball and two books
so 3 books for me and the ball correct ?
unless something is wonky i have : 4 books , 1 hat , 1 ball .
i'm going to take 1 ball and 2 books .
you take all books and i keep the rest
books all yours but not the hat
ok books for you and i keep the rest
would you be willing to give up the hat and the books ?
just checking . i'm ok with all the books .
i would love the book and the hat
i am greedy can i have the ball the hat and a book ?
i'd be happy with just the books
i would like two books and a hat
okay , i'll take two books and two hats .
i'll take the books and a ball if that's cool
i'll take both balls and a book
i would like the basketballs
can i have 1 book
no i will take 2 balls you can have everything else
sure , if i can have everything else
ok , if you give me one ball
thanks
you can have ball i'll take the book and hat
ok i take the book and 1 basketball . you take the hat and 2 basketball
give me hat and balls
i need the hat and 2 balls
ok
i will let you have all the hats if i take the rest
i need the book and 2 hats
okay
how about i get the books and the ball ?
ok i will go with all the books the and you can have the rest .
give me the ball and hat and ill give you books
no way
cool
i'd be good with a ball and a book
sure
i need the book and the hats , but i can give you all the balls .
deal
i need 2 hats and the book .
i would like the hat and both balls
i will take the book and 1 hat please .
i need the book for sure . you can have the ball and the hats .
i need the book for sure .
i need the hat for sure .
no sorry i need the book for sure .
okay i take the book you get all the rest .
how about you take the hats and i will take the book and the ball
i can't do that
i can't do that
i need the ball and the book you can have all the hats
then just take the book and i get the rest
fine
books and hats
ok , take the book and i take three hats and 3 balls
ok i give you a ball and the book
i will need the book or just about everything else .
i will need at least one or two other objects in this case .
i guess that's ok .
i need book you can have rest
alrighty
no deal
ok you take one book and one ball
i would like the hat and book
whats your offer
deal
i want two balls u take rest
thanks
agreed .
what would you like
i will take both balls and 1 hat you can have the rest
books and hats
okay deal
i need the hat and the books
okay
gimme the balls and hat
give me balls and one book
i don't understand what you're asking . there's only one hat .
i'd like all the balls . you can have the books and the hat .
i want all the hats for everything else
two balls for one hat ?
ok deal
i would like 2 hats and 1 book
you can have all of the balls and 1 book . i need the 2 hats and 1 book
no . last deal . i get 2 hats , and you can have the rest
how about if we both get one hat and one book and i get the basketballs ?
how about if you get both books and one hat ?
i just wan the ball
final offer i just want the hat
ok what
no deal
no deal
no deal
how about you take all hats
ok
you take the hats
no deal 7
you take all hats and one book
i would like 1 book and 3 basketballs
ok deal
i would like 1 book and 1 hat
you can have 3 balls
i would like the hat and the ball .
deal .
no deal . i need the ball and one book . you can have two books and hat .
i would like the book the balls and one hat
you can have the book and one hat or you can have all of the hats only
okay you take the book
i'
sorry about that . how about you can have the hats and i'll take the book and one hat ?
i don't need the hats . that would be a horrible deal for me . i'll take the book .
ok . deal
sorry i need the book and both hats . you can have the balls .
how about you get both balls and 1 hat ?
i would like the book and another item grouping .
i need at least three objects .
sorry that wont work for me . i need the hats and at least 1 ball
ok , i can do that
if i can have the balls and one hat you can have one hat and the book
i can not give up the balls . if i can have the balls and the book you can have the hats
great ! thank you !
i need the hat . you take the ball and half the books . i will take the hat and half the books
that's fine . i'll take all of the books and the ball then
i will give you all the books if i can have the hat and ball
that doesn't work for me you take the books and baskeball i'll take the hat
no deal
ok sorry , you l get 3 balls
no sorry , you ll get three
me too
i'd like 2 basketballs and a hat
how about you tell me what you're interested in so that we can negotiate instead of just saying "no" ?
you want all three balls ? i think we should split them if we both have interest
i can do that deal
i need the hat 1 book and 1 ball
i need the hat too
you can have all of the rest if i get the hat
is there not another alternative that you could squeeze in
i really need the hat
i would like the hat and a ball
i just need the hat
well i guess we don't have a deal
that wont work for me
not without the hat
you can have the balls and 1 hat if i can have the books and 1 hat
i cannot give up any books as they are most valuable for me
the best i could do is if i can have both hats and 1 book
i'd like 2 balls 1 book
as they are for me
ok i take 1 book 2 balls
if i can have the balls and the hat you can have the book
would you be willing to accept one or the other ?
okay if that is the best you can do . deal .
i need hat and book
gimme hat and a ball
i'd like 2 books and 1 hat please .
great , thanks !
sounds like a deal !
books and hats
yes
can i have two of your hats ?
hat two balls and two books for me
ok deal
i'll take the hat and 2 books .
you can have both the balls and all the books .
i would like 1 book and both hats
ok
deal
how about i get 2 books and 2 balls
how about you get 2 hats and 1 ball
do we have a deal
no . i can give up the ball or the hat , not both .
deal !
if i can have the ball and the hat i can give you all of the books
if i can have the ball , i can give you the hat and we can split the books ?
perfect !
id like book and 1 hat .
book is 7 for me .
what will you let go so i can get the book ?
okay , i'll take only the balls . i have no need for the hats .
you can have the hat and one book and i will get the rest
if i give up a ball i would need everything else
i would need one more item as well
okay then i will accept .
i want the hat , a ball and a book
i like the basketballs more
how about i give you the balls and take everything else ?
that was my best offer
i'd like books .
what does that mean ? i just want the books . you can have the rest .
1 of my books for 1 of your hats
what would you like ?
one book and one ball for you
ok
i can't deal without the ball . i also would like some or all of the books .
that works !
i would like 1 hat and 2 balls
deal
how about you get one hat and one ball
i would like the hat and a ball
ok , i'll take the hat and a book
i can not make that deal . . . i need the ball and at least one other item
okay deal . you take one hat and one book ?
its yours .
i just want the ball
thx
if i can have the ball and one hat you can have all three books and the other hat
the books are all yours then .
i'd like the ball and 2 books ,
i'll just take the books . hats are 0 for me .
that's what i want
ok
i'd like the book and the balls . what do you want ?
i'll give you the hats and two balls if i can have the rest .
can i have 1 book and the ball ?
hats are 0 for me .
thanks
if i can have the books and the hats you can have the ball
i can't give up the books . you can have one ball and one hat
okay you can have the ball and one book .
you take book and one hat
yeah no can do
we have to split balls or no go
no deal , no hats
no deal
no deal . i need the balls and the book you can have the hats
i understand but , i need both balls or i can not make a deal
then i need a ball , book , and two hats
final offer is if i take the book and one ball
okay no deal .
yeah , good enough for me .
2 hats and a book for me , you get rest ?
deal
you can get just 1 hat
yeah take 1 basketball and your 2 books
i would like the book , 2 hats and a basketball
i get the book , 1 hat and 1 basketball
you want only both balls ?
would you be willing to share one ball by chance ?
ok deal you get both balls i get the rest
i just want the balls
both balls
no i need two
deal
hi .
i will take both hats and you can have the rest ?
no need , they are worthless to me . so i get both hats and you get 2 books and 2 balls right ?
ok , that works for me . do you want a basketball ?
that is a deal
ok
can i have 2 balls ? you can have the rest .
if i can have the books and the ball you can have the hats
if i can have one book and one ball you can have the rest
thank you !
that won't work for me , the books are the only thing of high value to me . i can split them . . . 1 book , 2 hats and 1 book , 1 hat 1 ball . . . whichever works for you .
deal
that works out fine . i'm an oilman in from dallas , and i'ma itchin for a new hat .
the balls and book would be great
ok deal
hello , i would really like a book and a basketball
i could live with just a basketball . you could have the book and all the hats .
deal
so would i
ok you can have the ball but i get all the other goodies
thanks
i can not accept that offer . if i can have the ball and the hats you can have the book
okay deal .
i'd like the basketball and 2 hats and you can have the rest
i cannot accept that . if i can have all the hats you can have the rest .
what would you like
deal
i'd like the ball and the hat . you can keep the books ?
i need a ball and one book
hi , i'd like 2 balls and you can have the rest .
deal
i would like the book and 2 balls
thank you
i would like the hats and something else .
deal .
you can have the ball if i can have the book and the hats
i cannot give up the book . i need the book and at least 2 hats
even if you take all of the hats and the ball ?
ok no deal
no
deal
hi i would like a hat and 2 balls , you can have the books
thanks
all i need is the hat and the ball .
you can have the ball and the books . i just want that stylish hat .
i need the ball . would you take a book instead ?
deal .
i can't do that i need 3 balls and you can have the rest
i can't do that 2 balls i need either both hats or the book
okay
i would like one hat and 3 balls
i can give you 2 balls and i will take the rest
i can give you 2 balls and the book
i want two balls and the book
thats not enough for me , i dont care for the hat
ok deal
hi , i would like the hat and balls and you can have the book
i cant do that . i would be willing to offer you the book and hat if i can keep the balls
ok , the best i can do is offer 1 ball and the book
i will let you have the hats and a book .
okay , i'll take both books and the ball then .
i'd like the 3 hats , wouldn't mind the ball - - are books of value to you ?
books are no value to me ; you can take both . if you can't part with the ball ; i'll just take the 3 hats .
i need the ball and 2 books
i'll take the hat and ball , ok ?
ok , i'll take the hat and a book
they are all low . i`ll just take the rest if you need only the book
they are not 4 for me . you can have the book and 4 hats
i want the book , are the hats or basketballs more valuable to you ?
my book is 4 , the rest are 1 for me . i thought maybe you could take the ones that were high for you and leave me the others .
thanks
i'd like 1 of each please ?
okay , how's about i get 1 book , and 2 hats ?
okay , so deal ?
i get 1 hat and 1 ball , and you get 3 hats ?
sorry , i meant i get 1 book , and 1 ball . thank you .
so would i lol
still leaves me 3 / 10
i could do all three hats
if the value of the ball and book is high enuf for you , yes
i need the ball you can have the rest
my ball is 6 , i guess no deal
great , thanks
i'd like the ball and 2 books .
ball is 7 .
sorry . that was in another hit . ball is only 5 here . i can do that . you take ball . i'll take the rest .
i give you the book i need everything else .
i give you anything other than the book im only getting 5
deal .
i need the book and the hat
i need something else with the book
how about just giving me the hat and you take everything else
id like both hats
deal
you may have the hats if i can have the rest
deal
ok , take one ball and the books . cool
i would like the ball and the books please .
yes and you can have the hats . deal ?
i'd like all the hats please
i can't do that either . 8 hats , and you can have the rest
i can't do that either . 6 hats and that's the best i can do
nope , that doesn't do me any good
i need the hats as well . so we split it , 5 and 5
wait ? i take 5 hats and you take 5 hats plus the books and basketball ?
i take all the hats then . deal
i will take the hat and basketball and 1 book you take 2 books
i can't do that i will take the hat and ball you take the books
no can do i can give you the basketball and 2 books i take the hat and 1 book
i take the hat and basketball you take the books
i need the hat and 1 other item
i guess that's the only way . you take the hat i take the rest
no you take the hat . i take the rest
i want the book and two balls .
ok , if you insist .
no , if you get the book i want the rest
thanks : )
i do not want the hat , but i want the book . i want 3 balls though .
ok deal .
i want the hat and two balls
ok deal i take the hat
iagree
i need the ball , you may have everything else .
i'll take the books , you can have everything else .
ok . . . i'll take two books and a hat and you can have a hat and two balls . . . . . 50 / 50
i want 2 balls and one book . you can have the hat and 2 books
ill give you you 3 books for a ball
deal
hi i would like the hat and ball and you can have the books
sorry i cant do that
i cant make a deal without the hat
ok no deal then
ok
i would like the hat and ball you have all books
i must have the hat its sunny here
i can not either
that is terrible , but even if i hate ball and hats i do not feel happy
how much do u want the hat ?
hi i would like the balls and books and you can have the hat
sorry the best i can do is to give you the hat and 2 books .
i would like one of everything
deal
what would you like
i am like trump - i despise reading - can i take the hat and ball ?
i'm fair skinned in the south - i desperately need the hat
me either . that's non - negotiable . its almost all of my points
so you won't take everything but the hat ?
there is only 1 ball ?
nah . the hat is worth 10 points to me . nothing else matters
you first
no , can't do that . . . i can give you 1 ball and 1 book
can't give up the hat . . .
me too , we're stuck
i'll give you 3 balls but no hat
i meant books
i would like 1 of each
i need ball for sure and 1 book at a minimum
no deal is to be made .
i think you should check no deal box
i think it is only available after a certain number of messages
i can not make that deal . if i can have the ball and two books you can have the hats and one book
i need the ball as well or i can not make a deal .
okay i'm sorry . no deal .
i can not push it . can you ?
i think so as well .
i'd like the ball and books , what would you like ?
you got a deal .
what would you like ?
i would like the hat and 2 books
i don't think i can make that deal
you have a deal
i want both books and a hat .
i get the books , you can have everything else .
what looks good to you ?
well . . . . that would leave me at 2 / 10
gotta bad feeling this setup is not gonna work out . . . . . we should just click on no deal and go to the next one
ok
how about i keep the basketballs and you get everything else ?
sounds great !
i need the hat and 2 balls
i must at least have 1 hat and 1 ball
i want the hat and books
hat and 1 book for me
ok deal
i will take the hat you take the balls and the book
i have to have the hat or there is no deal
i take the hat you take everything else
that leaves me at a disadvantage . however , the only other offer i can make is that i take the hat , and you get the balls and the book . does that work for you ?
then you can have the hat .
ball and hat for me please
and the book
ok deal
okay one of each ?
no i can not make that deal . i need the book and two hats
okay thank you !
i want the hat , and i also want one ball .
i can do that deal . i'll take the book and 2 balls
book and balls
i must have the book
then no deal
no deal
no deal
hats and balls , no books
sorry no deal on this one
no deal
no deal
no deal
hi , i would like the book and 1 hat and you can have two balls and a hat
i will take the book and the two balls
okay it is a deal
i have no interest in balls
ok
ok deal
i would love the books and hat
no deal . i want the hat and two book . you can have all the balls
you can have the hat and one ball
i want one of everything
i want the hat and one other item
okay
what would you like
ill give you two books but i need the ball
how about i take the ball and 1 hat you get the rest
ok i will take just the ball
the ball , and one book
you can have the ball if i can have the rest
no , that wouldn't be fair to me . i need either the ball , or all the rest
thanks
you can have the hat if i can have everything else
i would like the hat and one book and one ball .
i agree , that is fine .
can i have the basketball , one hat , and one book ?
hey there ! i'd like the book and 2 hats , you get two hats and the ball .
i need the book , but you can have the ball and 3 hats ? best offer i can give .
i'll take the book and one ball , and you can have the hat and three balls .
okay
i really want the book and you can have the rest
how about i give 3 balls and the book .
i'd like the book , one hat , and one ball .
so you're just taking the two hats ?
no way . i can give you two balls if you give me all the books and the hat .
how about if i have one ball and you can have two books and a ball .
okay okay , how about you can get the two balls and a book like you said . i agree on that . agreed ?
i want two balls and a book
let me get one book and you have a deal
you will also get the hat
deal
i just want two books
if you take the rest
deal
how about you get one book ?
yes ill take everything you take one book
what would you like ?
sure if i can have all 3 balls
split the books ?
hat please
deal
yep
you can have the book and the balls but , i need the hat
okay great . thank you !
can i get the hat and the book ?
i think that will work for me .
you can have the book and a ball if i can have the hat and 2 balls
the hat is very valuable to me
deal
i'm not super athletic , so i can give you all 3 balls if i can just have the hat and the book
as it is to me , you can have everything else if i can have the hat
could i have one book and two hats ?
book and one ball
to give up the book im going to need everything else on the table .
its gotta be either the hat or all the other stuff , its the only way i can agree to this .
i don't think you are picking up what im laying down .
well looks like we arnt making a deal .
naw you straight hustling , not here though .
no . how about two hats and one ball ?
how about one ball and two hats ?
no how about one ball and three hats ?
i'll take the book and one ball , deal ?
no dice . i want one book and one ball .
looks that way . you have to give a little to get a little . . . .
deal .
i would like the book
i would like all the hats and the books , you can have all the basketballs .
if i can have both books , i will give you two hats . i'll take the books and 1 hat . and i'll take the balls .
deal .
no deal . i'd like to have at least 2 hats and 1 book .
how about this : you take 2 hats and 1 book . i take 1 hat , 1 book , and the balls .
you take one ball and two books and i keep the rest
three books only
then it would leave me with five , cna't
deal 7
no deal . i need three books and one ball
you can't give up one ball ?
okay , then i will just take the books
the book is worthless to me . i need two balls and two hats
okay deal
i need the book and the balls
how about 2 balls and 1 hat
how about throwing in another book ?
how about 3 books and a ball for me , you get the hat and 1 book ?
deal
i need the book , but you can have the hat .
i can't do that . i can give you the book , but then i would need the hat and all of the balls .
if i can have the book and the hat you can have the balls
i can not make that deal . if i can have the book and a ball you can have the rest
okay deal .
i want the hat and two books
that will work for me
how about i get two books and you get the rest ?
howdy could i have two balls and a book please
deal
hello
yes
i will take the basketball
maybe one
okay
hi can i have the books ?
okay what would you like ?
can i have the hats too ?
okay deal
just the book
deal
what do you want ?
you can have the book if i can have the rest
give me ball and book
okay
i will take the book and 2 hats .
can i have the ball and the hats ?
how about you take the hats and a book ?
ok , deal .
ill take the books
i keep the hat you take everything else
same here , no deal
no deal
no deal
no deal
you take the balls , i take the books and the hat
i can't do that , i need the hat or no deal
no deal
no deal
no deal
do you want all the balls ?
okay i want the book and hat you can have the balls
put sunscreen on i cant give up the hat
sorry no deal
no deal
no deal
i really am fair skinned and need the hat but can take the balls . i hate reading so i dont need the book
i can't give up the hat . i will get skin cancer
if i give up the hat i have to have everything else .
doesnt work for me either
no deak
i would like the book and the ball .
give me just the book and take everything else , final offer .
how about the ball and a hat ?
i would like the ball and 2 hats
deal
ball and one hat
ok
hello i would like a book please
okay . so you get 1 book 1 hat and i can 1 book and 3 balls correct ?
ok i want the hat and one book , i'll give you the rest
yes
i'd like the books and one or two hats .
ok . i can do that . deal !
if you take the book then i need all the all the hats and balls
sounds good
i want the balls and the books
deal
you can have the balls if i can have the hat and 1 book
i need two balls
i want one of each .
ok , i will take the rest .
i would like the hat and the balls .
deal .
how about you just take the hat only .
yeah no , books are zero to me
i take hat and you take the rest
deal
i want the balls and a hat you can have the books
counter ?
okay
i need the hats you can have the rest
sounds good
okay , i will take that deal .
i would like the hat , book and a ball
no deal if i can't have the book
you can have the hat and all the balls
hello , again . remember when you said "it's random"
i need the book or no deal
i have to have book . you can have the rest .
then no deal .
book is 6 points for me . i don't deal for less than 6 .
no ?
okay . no deal till button then .
hi , i would like the hats and 1 ball . you can have 1 ball and the book
i cant give up the hats . if i get the hats you can have the rest
sorry , that wont work for me . it sounds like we wont be able to come up with a deal
ok , no deal . now we just wait for the button
we have to keep going back and forth until it does .
i want the hats and 1 ball though
split the hats , you take the balls and i take the book ?
well , if you don't want an even split where you get 5 and i get 5 then no
doesn't work like that , you hve to keep negotiating for it to come up
yeah it takes a while
can i have two hats ?
i would like two hats and one book
well you get a ball and a hat
i need the book , you can have rest
hats are useless to me
ok , i guess no deal
there is nothing else you want ?
ok , i don't think we will find another agreement , so i agree .
i'll take the ball , you can have everything else
nope
may i have the ball and the book you can have all 3 hats
you get the book i get the 1 hat and 1 ball
deal
i'd like the book and one hat
no i dont agree to that . i'd need the book for sure .
sounds good
okay
i would like the balls and you can have the rest .
great thanks !
the books and balls please
can i have one ball ?
i'd like the the hats and the balls
no
no . i want a hat too
i thought you didn't want the books . the books are mine , and a hat . final deal
books are worthless to me . i also need a hat or ball with them
then have two of them , in fact have three of them and leave me the rest
no deal .
can i have 2 hats and the ball please
okay , i get 1 hat the ball and 2 books
you get the 4 books if i get the 2 hats and the ball
if the books are worthless how come i cant have 2 of them
i get ball 1 hat and 2 books
deal .
i'd like hat and 1 ball .
sounds good
i'd like the books . you can have the rest .
what if i get the hat and ball and you take the rest ?
i've got to have the ball . what if a get the ball and you get the rest .
okay deal
i need ball or no deal
ok
how about no
you take all balls and i keep the rest
can't do it
no
no
i'll take one of each .
make a better offer
ill take the hat and 2 balls .
no deal
no deal .
what do ypou want ?
the hats are 0 s for me , so those are all you if you want . i'd like the book and two balls ?
i don't love that , but if it's the best you can do ?
the book , 1 hat and 1 ball
i have to have the book , you can have the balls
yes
ill give you both hats for a book
deal
i can offer the ball and 1 book
i can't give the hat away
i need the ball and the hat . . would you be willing to accept the books ?
then can i have the ball and two books ?
you can have both books and one ball . i'll take the two hats and one ball
i need both books a hat and a ball
okay
may i have the hat and ball and you take all the books ?
okay i'll take the hat and 3 books
i need the ball and 2 books
i have to have the ball or no deal
so i get the ball and 1 book , that works
can i have one book and the hats /
i need the ball and the books
yes
i need the book and ball
i cant give you the book but you can have all three hats
i cant give you the book
that sucks
okay , fine , no deal
i need book and 1 hat
book is the onlything with points
have to do no deal then
sorry , rest are worthless
no deal : /
how about you can have 2 books and 1 hat and i get 1 hat and 2 basketballs
okay what do you propose
how about i get a basketball a book and a hat
you can have 1 basketball and 1 book
i want the book and ball
i can take just the ball
o
yeah that was supposed to be ok
id like the book as well ; will you give up the book for anything else ?
that makes me a happy man . i accept this deal
was that an "ok" - - you're good with this right ?
that is a fair deal for me .
i would like the hats
okay lets do it
you take the books and ill take the rest
books are worthless to me
no i need the hats and ball . by themselves i have nothing
let me have both hats and you take the rest
yep
no , i need the ball and 1 hat and 1 book
ok i will take 3 books and 2 hats
i cannot sacrifice both the ball and the hats , how about i take all 3 books and 1 hat
ok so i get 3 books and the ball ?
ok deal
i would like all the hats and the book .
how about i get all the hats and you get everything else ?
if i give you a hat i would need the book . so i would need 2 hats and 1 book .
no deal . the lowest i can go is 2 hats and 1 book .
no problem . no deal .
no if you take the book then i need to take everything else .
no i need at least one of those hats .
how about i take all the hats and you take the book and the ball .
no deal .
no deal .
you can have all the balls , i just need the hat and 3 books
no , sorry
hello i would like the balls and the hat please .
you can not give up the hat ?
okay i will take the balls then
i cannot give up the balls because they are too valuable to me
i guess that will have to work
yes
i would like 2 balls and the hat
i also need the balls , how about i take 1 ball , and 1 hat . you can take the 3 books and 1 ball
ok so i get 1 ball and 1 hat
what kind of deal are you looking for ?
ok
i need the book and the hats you can have the balls
thank you .
can i have at least 1 book
hat and books please
ok , i take the hat and give you the books and those balls
i would like 1 book and 1 hat .
ok , fair deal .
hi i would like the hats and ball and you can have the books
could i get the 2 hats and you can have the rest
i would like the books and 1 hat you can have the rest
deal
i really need the book . can i have the book and 2 hats ?
okay i do the book and 1 hat .
i'd really like the book and one ball or hat
no , how about the book and one hat
that is too much . i'll let you have two balls and the book .
can i get the balls and book ?
ok
sorry i need the ball . could i get the ball and 2 books ?
ok thanks
i can cede all books f i can have the hat and ball
you can have the ball and two books - deal
alright that works
i just want the ball , the rest to you
deal
i need the hats and 1 ball
great
deal
i need the ball and 2 hats . you can have all of the books
i at least need the ball
yep , if i get the ball
ball and books for me
then i get everything else
gimme the hat and balls
okay , one hat and balls to me rest to you
i will need at least one hat .
deal .
i'll give you 1 ball and 1 hat
how about both hats and the ball
i can't deal without the book . it's all 10 for me . you ?
um , i'm sometimes making deals at 5 or 6 .
that's really weird . it's about negotiating , not winning .
we can't both win , though . they don't reject when you ge tthe lower score . they reject when you don't try .
no deal
it`s 1 for me . but if i give you the book i`ll be 9 and lower score
well sorry . . . next time don`t tell how much are the points . i won`t accept losing
well if i lose like this they can reject me . and it`s not a fair negotiating if i lose .
but they see that i notice i will lose .
just so i`ll be a nice guy . i`ll give you the book . i`ll take the rest . have a great day
i want the balls and one hat and one book
two hats and the balls ?
ok 1 hat and the balls
hi i would like the books and hats and you can have the balls
sorry i cant do that . i can give you the balls and 1 hat but thats the best i can do
no sorry .
hello . i'd like the ball and one book . you can have the rest .
actually can i have the other book too . i've never got two books
ok . i'll just have the book and the ball . i don't care about the hats or the other book .
okay , let's do that .
you can have both books if i can have the ball .
okay .
i will need the books , you may have the rest .
is that your final offer ?
i can offer 2 books and the hat
ill take the hats but i would like the books as well
deal
i'd like the balls and books , you can have the hats
take the hats , i'll take the balls . let's split the books and take 1 each . deal ?
ill take the hats and the balls you can have the books .
what if i took both hats and gave you the book and the balls
ok ill tell you what ill take one hat and the balls you get one hat and the books .
i need the hats as well so can we split the difference ? i will take one hat and the books and you can have one hat and the balls
that will not work for me .
okay great ! thank you !
i can offer 1 hat and the book
i can offer the ball and 1 hat
hello ! id like the ball , and the book . you can have all the hats .
you can keep all the hats . id like the rest .
what would you like
just two books for you
two books and one hat for you
books and the ball
how about 1 book and 1 ball for me
ok deal
so i get one ball ? nope . balls aren't worth much to me
nope , still not worth it
how about i give you the hat and a ball , and i get the rest
ok deal
i'd like the hat the two books and a ball .
ok . you can have two balls .
i have to get the hat . i'd take it a book and a ball .
i'd need the hat and both balls .
bummer , that won't work for me . any other offer ?
ok that works . deal
i would like the hat and the book .
i will need the hat . you may have everything else .
i really need the book or all the hats along with the balls in that case .
ok , that will work .
hello , i can give you the balls if i can have the book and the hats .
i need the book really bad , so i can give you everything else if that works for you .
if i can have the book and one ball you can have the hat and two balls
okay great ! thank you !
deal
what would you like
balls and one hat for you
the balls and the hats .
deal .
i would like 1 book and 2 balls
i would like the hat and tow balls and you can have a ball and book .
you can have the ball but i really need both books
how many books
ok
hi i would like the ball and books and you can have the hats
i want 1 ball and 2 books
i d like the two books and the balls . you can have the hat
lets split the balls , you can get two
i'd like both books
i'd like balls . you can have the rest .
okay
gimme the book and balls
book and one ball for me
i can do the book and the hat , the balls are the only thing i have of value
deal , 2 hats and one ball for me then
i would like the hat and balls . you ca have all books
deal
i would like the books but i would like at least 1 ball
deal . thank you .
i would like the hat and one book . you can have the balls and 2 books .
fine .
i would love the hat and you can have the rest
if i can have the hat and 1 book , i can give you 1 book and all the balls
i cant give up the hat , you can have all the balls and books if i can have the hat , or i cant make a deal
no deal
no deal
no deal
i can't make that deal . i need the hat and one other item to make a deal
we both need the hat so we will not be able to make a deal . no deal .
no deal .
no deal .
no deal .
i would like both hats and you can get everything else .
sorry , i can't give up a hat , i would need both .
no problem . no deal .
fine . let's do it
i have to have at least on hat , and the rest .
no deal .
how about one hat and the ball for me .
i need 3 hats .
i can take two hats and the ball ?
no deal then .
no can do
no deal
i need three hats
no can do
yes , how about you take all books and i keep the rest
no deal
no deal
and ill take the hats and the ball , deal
i want all the books
i need atleast 1 book
you can have 2 books and 1 ball
i want the books . i can offer you the rest .
if i give up a book , i have to get either the hat or the ball .
deal .
no deal
i want only the hats
i would like both balls and one of the hats and books
what do you suggest
i'm fine with that
yes but i get the rest
i need the books
let me get two books and two balls
i can give the balls
huh ? i said i can give (to you) the balls . . . i need the rest . . .
i can live with giving you 1 book and both balls , , , but thats the best i can do
ok
hi
sure
hello , cann i have the 2 balls ?
what are you thinking ?
how about i take two books two hats and a ball and give you one ball ?
good point i will give you both balls and ill take everything else .
my cousin has only a few months to live and is dying for some basketballs . i will give up everything else to help him out
i really need both balls (who doesnt ? ) you can have everything else
deal
i can not let the hat go , i need the hat and 1 book
i can not give up the hat , how about i take the hat and you get the rest ?
come on , i will just take the 1 hat
no deal then i guess
that is bad
gimme hat and a book
need hat , or no deal
cant be done
negative
correct
superbad
hi , i'd like the book , the hat , and one ball please .
you can have every ball then , if i can keep the other two .
well , i can't let you keep both . that would leave me with nothing .
how about the book and two balls for you ?
sorry . i at least need the book and the hat .
that would leave me with 2 / 10 . i need one of each item
how about the book and 3 balls for me
deal
i need all three balls if you want the book
sorry no , i will take the book and 2 hats (sorry i mistyped as balls above) and you can have everything else
then i will take the book and 2 hats
i can't let you do that cause it would be a bad deal for me . if you take the book i need all the hats
sorry then , no deal
if i can have the book and the hats you can have the ball
that will not work for me . you can have the book if i can have everything else
no deal , i wouldn't have any points
no , i just stated that would not work for me . i would need the book and two hats and you could take everything else . anything other than that is no deal .
okay no deal .
ok you keep all balls and i get the rest ok
i cant then i lose a lot
ok take one hat then
add a hat to that and we have a deal .
i get a crappy deal too with just the balls
ok . i take the balls and 1 hat and you get the rest . deal
i want the hats and balls
hats and balls
hi i would like the book and hats and you can have the balls
i need at least 1 hat
you can have the balls and 1 hat
i'd like the ball and book
how about you get two hats and a ball and i get the book .
i would like 3 books and one hat please
i don't know . i really need both hats
ok , i guess it is fair to split the hats . i'll take the 3 books and 1 hat
i thought was what you wanted ?
well then i guess we are at a stalemate because i need one hat
nope . i need all the books and 1 hat
ok . you can have the 2 hats . i'll just take the books'
i would love the hat and you can have the rest
deal
i would love the book and one hat
sure
how about you take one hat , one book , and both balls ?
me too
ok
i'd like books .
hats and balls are 0 for me .
okay . we can just split them . 5 points is better than a no deal .
deal .
i want the hat and books
hello
i'll take two books , if i can also have the ball and hats .
okay
hello , i would like to offer you two books
i can offer you all the books if i get everything else
i would like the hats and balls
deal
i get hat and 2 books , you get the rest
sure
i can give you the hat and one of the balls .
done .
i can take 1 hat and 2 balls .
sure
you can have the books and ball if i can have the hats
can i have one hat ?
i need two books
ok
the ball and hats for me , the books for you . . . whaddya say ?
if i can have a book . so id get the ball , a hat and a book
then i revert to my original offer
can i have the hats and the books
you can have that
i want one book and one ball
i want the book and two balls
i can do that if i get the hats as well
you can have the book if i get both balls .
deal , i get the balls you get the rest .
i want all the books and a hat .
can i get the hat too please ?
okay i'll take the books and leave you th rest
deal
jsut books
then i can't break even
deal
i will give you the books we can split the balls and hats
deal
hi there ! id like the book and hats , and you can have all the balls .
okay .
not enough . hats and books for me
one book the hats and one ball for me
ok deal
i want the ball and 2 books , you can have all of the hats
you can have 1 book and the hats
that would leave me with 1 / 10 . i need the ball and 1 book . final offer
i need 1 ball , and both books .
ok deal .
give me hat and balls
ok
how about you give me the hat and one other object ?
deal .
i want both basketballs and the hat you can have both books
you can have both books and the hat
hello , i would like the hats and can give you the book and balls in exchange
that is a great deal . lets do it
i would like the ball and 1 hat
i really need just 1 hat with the ball
if you take the ball i need the rest
okay
if i can have the hat and the books you can have the balls
okay that is acceptable .
i need the hat and one book
deal .
okay deal !
i need atleast one book
you take hat and i take both balls ?
great i take one hat and 2 balls
no i wrote wrong , you take hat and one book , i take balls and 1 book
i just wan the hats please
no deal
i need the hats
deal
how about i give you two hats ?
what is the value of hats to you ?
okay , three hats for you one book and two balls for me ?
deal
i would like 1 hat and 1 ball please .
great , thanks .
i'd like the hat and you could take everything else .
okay
i am in desperate need of the book . the rest to you
what would you like
deal
ill counter with i get 3 balls and the book you get the hats
okay sounds good
i can offer you three basketballs
i willl take the book and one hat , you can take all the balls and the othe hat
ok thanks
deal .
if i can have the hat and the books you can have the balls
thank you !
i would like that ball and a book .
not gonna part with even one book ? hats arnt worth a thing to me .
ball and two hats . or the ball and a book thems my offers .
you can have the hat if i can have the rest
deal
i'll take the hat if i can get one of the books as well .
if i can have the balls and the hat you can have the books
i can not give up the balls . if i take the balls would you consider taking everything else ?
okay thank you !
i need the hat and at least two balls
sure . deal
i want the hat andbook
how about you take all the books and you give me the rest
i really need the ball and hat to be satisfied
i need the hat and ball
i need the hat and some books then
all of them
ok
i'd like the ball and two books
i'd rather not do that . i'll even go down to a ball and one book
hm how about i take the hat and two books then ?
i can't do both for you
ok , how many books do you need
ill give you the hat and two books
yes
can i have the hat and 2 balls ?
great deal !
i will take the hat . you can have both books and both balls .
thanks , have a great night !
deal
so i get book and 1 hat ?
i'll take tha book and 1 hat
i'd like both balls and 2 hats or 1 book . . what about you ?
or . . . 3 hats
nope
i take 1 hat 1 book 1 ball
ok
ill give you the hats if i can take everything else
ill give you everything if i can keep the balls
ok
deal
i would like one ball , all else to you
if i can have the ball and two hats you can have one hat and the book
i can not make a deal without getting the ball
i need at least one other item as well
okay , then i will just take the ball . thank you !
i need the ball for sure and 1 hat .
if you get the ball , then i get everything else .
no if you get the ball , then i get everything else . that ball is worth a lot .
okay , deal . thank you !
i want the hat and the basketball .
i will switch to a book and the hat , but i am going to need the hat and 1 other item .
the books are only of trivial value to me , i am firm on the hat , i am more flexible on the second item .
that is not gonna work for me . i will come off my early offer and offer you the same deal you offered me , but that is as far as i can go .
nor do i . i really can not move from the hat , even at the expense of all of the other items .
alright , hitting no deal reach . have a good one .
i'd like the hat . i can give you the basketball and a book .
that hat is just too valuable to me . if i get the hat and ball you can have all the books .
best i can do is i keep the hat , you get everything else .
unfortunately i don't think we are going to reach an agreement here .
yeah , that hat is just worth too much .
give me hat and ball
i need hat and all books
give me just hat
you can have the ball and 1 book .
no . that does not work .
okay
and would like a million dollars with that too
ball and two books for you
ball and two books for you
i'd like the hat the ball and one book .
sure . i'd settle for the hat and the ball though .
no books for me i'm gots enough smarts . ball and hat please .
fine .
gimme one book to go with the hat
gimme the ball and book
ok , ball and hat to me , books to you
if i can have the books and the ball you can have the hat
i can't do that i need all of the books to make the deal
would you be willing to accept the ball and the hat ?
okay thank you .
i would really like the ball and 1 book .
okay i will take the ball and the hat and you can have the rest then .
i was really hoping for both books and at least two hats .
deal
i would like the book and the balls .
how about one of each object ?
ok , i accept your previous offer then .
yes .
how about the book and 1 ball ?
no i can't do that .
so i get 2 hats and 1 ball ?
that would be okay with me
great
can i have the book and 1 hat ?
deal
2 balls and 1 book and we have a deal
yep
i need the 3 balls and 1 book
i get 2 balls and 1 book ?
if i can have the balls you can have everything else
okay thank you !
dea
deal
i would like the books and ball
i'd like to keep the 3 books ; any objections ?
no . sounds good to me .
i suppose that's fair .
a ball and a book .
ok
no , changed mind , give me ball instead
no deal then
okay
how about a book and one hat for you
are you sure
too late
yeah , no deal , i need two balls and you can get the rest
i want the basketball and 1 of the hats .
i can give you both books , but i am pretty stuck on the basketball .
i can give both books , but i want 1 hat .
the i resend my offer and i want both hats and the basketball .
i am pretty much not moving off the ball and a hat . i believe the trade off is more than fair .
i guess we don't .
i would like the basketball and both books
hm , what if you gave me both books and both hats and you got the basketball ?
no , then i will need the basketball and you can have the books and the hats
no , that deal doesnt work for me at all
then we dont have a deal
ok
how about i have the hats , and you can have the basketballs and books ?
i can not part with the balls . i would like the balls and the book . would this work for you ?
okay let's each take a ball and i can take the book and one hat
great !
id like the balls and one hat
the balls are most valuable to me , i can give you one ball , we can negotiate the rest
deal
how about the balls ? you want any ?
ok , take the book .
i'd like the book . you can have the rest .
no ,
you can have the hats if i can have the rest ?
definitely can't give up the ball . too much value . everything else is negotiable .
that'll work !
i'd like the hats and 1 ball
alright , hats and 2 books .
i would like all the basketballs can you have the rest .
ok deal
i'll take the book and hats
balls have 0 value on my end
nothing . . . . . a book and a hat for me or i cant do it
no biggie , just click on the no deal button
yes , the no deal buttin
that won't work for me . you can have the hats and one ball and i will take the book and two balls ?
i can not make a deal without getting the book . what do you have to offer ?
okay no deal . i'm sorry
no deal .
no deal . you have to wait until it comes up .
i would like 3 books and the hat (and if you are the one disconnecting after one or two lines of negotiation please stop)
deal
what would you like
how about you get all hats and i keep the rest
2 hats and the book .
ok , works for me .
i'll take the 3 books , you can have the rest .
sold and done .
you can have 2 books , and i will take 1 book , 1 hat , and 1 ball
deal . i will have the ball and 1 book
i'd like the hat , and either a book and a ball , or two books .
i'm not in a position to give up the hat . i'd have nothing . i need the hat , and two book . you can have the ball and a book .
ok , deal
i would like the 3 books and one ball and you could keep the hats
okay you could take the ball and the hats
i need the ball and the hats
deal
i want the ball and books
everything except the hats
no deal thats too low for me i would need 2 balls and 2 books
sorry cant take your offer no deal
no deal
no deal
what do you want ?
i'll give you 2 balls & 1 book
2 balls 1 book is my best offer
i believe we are at an impasse
true
i'd be happy with the balls and hat
you got it
deal .
i'd like the hat and book .
deal .
i can give you the hat and the basketballs while i take the book
i want the ball and hats
i would like the book and the balls .
sure you can have 2 hats and 1 ball .
ok i would like 2 hats , but is one ball able to be mine also ?
perfect
gimme the book and hats
ok
i can only give you both hats if you give me both balls
can't do ! but you can have all 3 books if i can just have the hat and the ball
how about i take the hat and 2 books ?
hi there , i would like one of each , and you can have the rest !
how about i keep the ball , and 2 books , and the rest is yours .
how about you take the hat and 1 book ?
you can have all the hats if i can have the ball and the books .
okay thats fine .
correct . deal
hello ! i would like to get two books and one hat . you can have 2 hats and the ball , if that works for you
i'd like to get at least one book .
so one book , 4 hats for me . 1 book 1 ball for you ?
deal , thanks !
i'm interesed in the 3 hats and 1 ball
i can give you the hats but i gotta keep them balls , take a book instead ?
and i keep the rest , how much is book to you
ok deal
hi , i just need the book
8
well i would like to have one each of the book , the hat and a ball .
ok well the only thing i am willing to budge on is the whether you take all of the balls .
no you would have to take all the balls , i would take the book and the hat .
no i would have to take the book and the hat .
then i guess this would be a no deal then .
then i would offer that i would want one hat and two balls .
i will agree to me receiving one hat and two balls
ok how about you get two balls
can't do that
you take all the balls ?
ok you take one book and one ball
no deal
yes either one book or one hat but not both
one hat one ball
can i have both balls ? you can have the rest .
ok . can i have a ball and the hat then ?
books are 0 s .
thanks
i really need one of the balls as well
no deal . i need the hat as well you can have the books
okay then i would need the hat and both books you can have the balls . i will accept your first offer
i would like the balls and the hat .
how about you give me the balls and take the rest then ?
that'd leave me at only 4 . are the books any value to you at all ?
okay . i don't love it , but okay .
yikes ; so would i they are the only thing that holds value to me besides the hat . how about i take two balls and the hat you take 1 ball and both books ?
i'd like the balls .
deal .
the books for me , the rest for you
ok
how about i get 1 hat and the book ? you get the rest .
ok
i need the hats and one ball
i can do that
can i have the hats and the books ?
no deal
no deal from my side too
how much is you ball valueed ?
alright , no deal !
sorry ill give you one hat and the ball and one book
no deal
no deal
no deal
no deal
you can't give up a single book ?
so i get both the balls and a book ?
hmm , on second thought i'd rather do 2 balls and hat and you get the books
if i can have the books you can have everything else .
i guess i can trade a book for the hat
yep
ok , works for me since that was my original offer
can i have the balls and the hat ?
how about i get one ball and the hat . you get everything else ?
2 balls and you get eveything else ?
unfortunately i was thinking just the opposite . how about i take one of each item . you get two books and a ball .
the only way i can let you have that hat is if i get everything else .
deal .
i need the hat and all balls
ill take the hat and book , and 1 ball
ok i get the hat and 3 balls deal ?
i can let you have all the balls if i get the book and hat .
i can give you the hat and three balls if i get the book and one ball .
deal .
okay
i'd like the hat and 1 book . deal ?
i'll take one ball and both hats , so perfect
i'd like the books and 1 ball ?
hello , how about 2 hats and a book for me , 2 balls and a book for you ?
deal
hi how are you doing ? i would like 1 each of the book , hat and ball
deal !
can i have the book and two hats please ?
two hats . thats my deal . a book and two hats
good , then we have a deal .
you can have the book and 1 hat .
okay i can make it work
i can do book and 2 balls
i can do 2 balls and 1 hat
i can give you the hat if i can have the book
deal . no need to be pissy
id like the hats and the book
i need the hats . . . i can give both balls . . . would like the book too
not yours to give really , right . . . . hats and book for me , balls for you or no deal
i'll take balls and book . you get hats
ok deal
can i have the book and 2 hats ?
hey i want the hats and a ball
just the hats then
no can do
deal
i'd like both hats and the ball .
i want the books and a hat
ok deal
what if i take two balls and the book ?
what if i keep all of the balls and you take the book and hat ?
what if i take two balls and the hat ?
what do you want ?
no deal
i'll take one of each .
you gotta give me another ball for the book .
no deal
no deal
one of each .
deal
i would like 2 books and a hat and a ball .
no , but i will let you take all of the balls if you let me take the hat and the book .
ok , then all of the balls and the hat ? you keep the book ?
not happening . i already gave up nearly all my points on my concession . i'll take just the book and you can have everything else ?
well , i've compromised everything possible . the only thing i have not accepted was two points . i can't do much else for you . so no deal .
can i have the book and the hat ?
the book . i'll take book and two balls ?
okay that's fine
exactly what i need do you need either of them more
book is my high one as well . i can give you the book 1 and 1 ball , i take the rest
deal
i want a book you get the rest
hey , i want the book a ball and a hat
you can have the books and the balls if i can have the hat
hello can i have the books and the hat ?
okay deal
i'd rather have the book .
you can have the balls if i get the book and the hat .
you can have the hat if i get everything else .
fine
which is more valuable to you , the book or the balls ?
how about i give you the book and you give me the rest ?
i need the hat or we cant make a deal
how about you give me the hat and one ball
and i'd take one hat and the balls ?
deal !
i would love to have a hat and the books .
we split the hats and i get all the books how does that sound to you .
i don't need the ball . i need the hat and 1 book .
deal .
you can have the hat if i can have the balls and book
you can have the book if i can have the balls and book
i would need more than just the balls because the book is very valuable to me
i will just take the balls and you can have the hat and book
i need the book , i'll offer the 3 balls
i can offer the previous or 2 balls and the hat
yeah , same here . . i can only offer 2 balls and the hat
deal
hello i can offer you just the ball
how about the ball and one hat
so the ball should be enough right
okay take the ball and one book
that's not enough for me , i need the ball and at least one book .
the hat is worth 0 to me actually .
no , i need two books otherwise .
ok deal .
i would like 1 book and 1 ball
thanks
deal
i'll take the hat and 1 book
the books and balls have value
i did read them and they all have some value
i'll take the 3 books and the ball
i need the hat , nothing else has value
not on my side , read the instructions
it says yours and my values are different
deal
ok
i'd like books . you can have the rest .
what do you think of the books ?
how about three books ?
i'll take the books
deal
i need book and one hat
same , no deal ?
ok
yup
maybe next
i'll take one of each
i can not give up the book , i need the book and at least one other item
no deal then , i can't give up the book
okay no deal
ok
i just need two balls and you could keep all the rest
ok that works for me
i would like the books and the ball .
okay , so i get 2 books and 1 hat ?
well i cannot agree to that i must have the ball for sure and a hat .
i will take the book and the ball , and you can have 4 hats ?
ok i will take the book
i can offer you either the book or the ball
can i have the books and the hats ?
deal then
thats fine i only need the ball
i can't do that . i need the book and both hats . you can have both balls .
i don't have much value for the book as it is , or the balls . i need both hats . i can't give you any hats . you can have both balls .
no deal . i need both hats and the book .
that's not true . the balls are of value to me , but little . so i am willing to give them up . but i can't give up any hats , or the book .
no deal . i need both hats and the book . giving away a hat would not be meeting in the middle for me . you can have both balls .
i want both hats and one ball
i need atleast one hat
nope need one hat and both balls
well not going to work then need one hat and i know the balls are of no value to you
you asking for too much , have to meet in the middle , i need one hat and atleast one ball
then no deal
bold strategy cotton lets see how it works out for him . i would like two books and the ball .
could i have the ball and one book you can have the hats ?
i'll take the two hats and the ball .
you already offered me the ball and the two hats ! you can have the two hats if you give up a book .
if i can have the ball and two books you can have the rest
i can not make that deal . i need the ball as well . are you willing to make another deal
okay deal .
i keep the ball you get eveyrthing else
you get the ball i get everything else
hey , i would like the ball and the books
cool ! it's a deal
yep , all the hats are yours
i will give you 1 ball , and 2 books
ok so i have 3 hats corrct ?
could i have the ball and the book ?
deal
i need the book . you can have the ball and two hats if i can have the book and two hats
okay thank you !
no , that won't do . i'd like the book and 1 ball .
alright i guess so .
i'd like the book and the hat , you keep the 4 balls ?
the book is the only thing of value to me . i'll take the book and you can keep everything else ?
i would like the hats and another group .
ok , how about i just take the hats then ?
i want the hats and book
ok
what is your wish ?
i will give you 1 book and 3 hats
! book and 4 hats to you
sad news , i can't get to 2 without the ball
guess that is it
lol to have them all or i can settle for 1 ball 1 book and 1 hat
sorry thats too low for me
no too low for me i need 1 book 1 ball and 1 hat best i can do
sorry then no deal
yup
i can not make that deal as i need the same . are the balls worth anything to you
for me as well . can we split the difference if i can have two books , one hat , and one ball you can have the rest
splitting the difference is not you getting two hats . we both needed the hats . one hat each .
there are three books not two so they would have to be split . i want to make a deal but , it doesn't look like that is going to happen
i want two books one hat and one ball
sure
i will take the basketball and you can have the rest ?
i need the hat and 1 book
great , thanks
deal
gimme those balls ya hear .
hmm i don't know . i really like balls .
3 balls to you , the rest to me
i want the ball and books .
okay
i like that deal .
if i can have the ball and the books you can have the hats
okay thank you !
i need 3 hats 1 book 1 ball
deal
i would like the hat and the books .
i'd like the hat , the book , and one ball .
how about i just take the hat , and you can have the rest ?
unfortunately it is that way for me as well , without the hat i would be in real trouble .
looks that way .
it won't allow me to proceed .
i can't do that , at the least i would need the same thing .
sorry , the hat is valued the highest on my side . i can't give it up .
i understand . no deal then .
no deal .
i think we have to type a certain amount of messages for it to pop up . no deal .
if i can have the hat and the balls you can have the books
i can not make that deal . i need the hat and the balls or i can not make a deal
okay great ! thank you !
how about i get 1 hat and 1 book ?
ok then , i will take the books .
i would also like the ball and at least 1 hat
i need the ball and 1 hat
i could give you the ball but then i needs both hats
ok
hello , i would like the ball and hats , and you can have the books in exchange
hmm i can give you 1 hat and the books while i take the ball and 1 hat
if i give up the ball , i would need the remaining items
okay i can do that if i get the books as well
id like the book and one ball .
okay you can have both balls and one hat , i can have the rest ?
deal .
i will need both balls if i cannot have the book .
ok , i think that will work .
i would prefer one of the hats to go with the balls
nope i need the two balls , you can have the rest .
i'll take both books and the hat .
i'll trade the books for the balls
deal i take the hat and both books
i get the ball and 1 book . you the rest
no deal then
the hat has a 0 vale for me and the book is only 1 point
sign no deal agreed then
what is the ball worth to you ?
the ball is only 1 point
can't do that . i need the ball , and two hats . you can have both books .
i will take the ball and one hat then . you can have both books and a hat . even then i'd be taking a bit of a loss .
then we can't agree . i need the ball and at least one hat .
no deal .
6
ok , so then i need the ball and one hat . you can have the books and one hat .
i wil give you two hats and 1 book
that doesnt work for me
ok i will accept that
if i can have the books and one hat you can have the rest
okay but i would like at least one ball as well
okay well then if i can get the two books and the hat you can have one hat and the two balls
okay great !
tell me what you want and i'll accept the deal
you got em !
i want the books and the hats .
i'd like the basketball and the hats .
i would like the basketball please , you can have the other items
the basketball is the only item that is worth more to me , so i would be willing to let you have everything else .
how you get all hats and i keep the rest
what is the amount per item for hat for you
whynot
ok you keep all hats and and i keep the rest , i m just curious
the book and one hat
deal
can't tell
whats your deal bub
ok deal
i get all three hats ? i can do that
may i have the ball and book please
deal
hey there ! i'd like 1 of each , 1 ball , 1 hat , 1 book
sounds fair . . . and sorry !
i was actually doing math . sorry i'm not a genius . : - ) - - 1 ball for you , rest for myself , correct ?
that took a very long time . so i want 1 ball and you can have the rest .
try not to multitask when negotiating .
i would like two hats and a book ?
seems fair enough
i would like one hat and ball
the ball and the books , you can have the hats ?
no , i cant give out the books
no , maybe the hats and the book
deal
can i have one book and the hats ?
then the hats and ball ?
ok , the hats and one book for me
can i have the ball and the 3 hats ?
deal
sure
hello , how about 1 of each for me and you can have 3 books ?
ok , i'll need all the books though and the ball to make up for the hat .
books mean nothing to me . the hat is what i'm after and the ball is 1
that works !
i need both balls
i'd like the hat and 1 ball .
ok .
the book and all of the balls
ok
ok what would you like
i need book and you keep the rest
ok
i would like the hat and book and a ball
i don't have to have a ball , but i'd prefer the book and hat
how about you get all three balls ?
deal
i would like the book and 1 hat
i need the books , you can have the rest
sounds good
i'd like the ball and books .
ok . agreed !
i would like the hat and two balls
sorry i meant two books
i would like the hat and the ball .
there's only one ball .
i guess that works .
what would you like ?
you can have 3 balls if i can have the rest
i would love the hat and you can have the rest
very well
is there any way that i could get the books and ball ?
i need the hat and the ball .
deal .
can i have the ball and 2 books ?
sorry that won`t work for me . i really need the ball and the books
then i`ll take the bal and 2 books ?
you can have both books but i would like the ball and the hats
okay i can make it work
yes . and i take all the hats
i was gonna say the same thing , i need hat and ball
how about you take the ball and a book ?
i need the hat as well
ok
gimme the hat and ball
gimme hat and book then
i need hat and books
you can have hat if i get every else
i have 1
how about you get all the books and hats . i'll get the basketball ?
do you have any hats ?
i am also looking for books
deal !
i just want two balls
deal
done .
what would you like
i will give you all the books but i need the hat and the balls
ok . i will acceot the hat and one ball
i need the books and the hat
ill take all the books but im gonna need a ball
deal
i need 1 of each
yeah , but the books and hat don't give much points to me
they only give me 1 point each , sorry
no deal was agreed
still no deal
i'll take both balls , you can have everything else
balls are the only thing i need
the books and the hat give me zero points
guess we are stuck then . . . . . wait for the no deal button to turn green
yeah , that one . . . .
i need balls and hat
that is too much to ask
cant you just take the ball ?
ok then
i need one of each item please
ok , then i will get by with just the ball and one hat
that will be fine with me
i want the ball
sounds good to me
okay , i get rest
i'd like the two balls , you can have the rest .
one ball each , a hat for me , and all books to you
hello , may i have the hat and a ball ?
i am mostly interested in the hat . you can have two balls and two books if i can have the hat .
thank you
i want two books and the hat
deal
ehhhhh , i kinda really need that book . either that or i take everything and you get the book .
i'm gonna have to take both hats and both balls . i'd still only be walking away with 4 points if i give you the book .
they are different , i guess . the hats are worth 1 each for me , as are the balls . the book is 6 . that's why i need everything else if you get the book .
deal
i'll give you two and one ball if i get to keep the rest .
i definitely need the book too . i'd like to keep a ball , but will give you two hats and a ball .
i thought the values are different for both of us ?
ok . i'll give you both hats and both balls and i keep the book .
deal .
deal
i would love the hat you can have rest
i would like both hats and 2 balls
ill take one hat and all of the balls
ok , ill take all of the balls and the book
ok
deal
sorry that doesn't work for me i need both hats and the book
sorry , i need both hats .
i can't do that , i need both hats and the book
so i'm taking all hats and book and you get all balls . deal ?
i need the hat , you can have the rest
agreed
that will work for me agreed
i'll want the hat and the balls . you can take the books .
deal .
how about i get the books and the hat ?
i need the hats and a book
how about one book and the ball ?
can i have two books and the ball ?
ok
hats not good for me , give me one book and ball
you can have the hats if i get the books and ball
okay
give me book
and one ball
book and hat then
no deal
ok
that is all you want ?
i can only give you the book
no , just the book
ok , i'll give you the book and a ball
can i have the hat , and 1 ball ?
you can have two books , if i can take everything else .
can i get 2 books ?
ok , you can get the hat and ball then .
not gonna happen , i need the hat and 3 balls
how about the hat and 2 balls
i will take the hat and 1 ball
if i can have one of each you can have the other three balls
i can give you the hat and one ball
i really need three balls if you are going to take the hat or you can have all of the balls and i can take the book and the hat
okay great ! thank you !
it must really count for you - i'll agree
i'd like ball .
i would like the hat and the ball and one book .
how about i take the hat and the ball and you take all the books ?
ok , i agree .
i can offer you the hat and one book
i need the ball and three books
ok
hi , i just need the two hats and you could keep all the rest
great deal !
i'd like the book , you can have the rest
you can have all the hats , and the balls
thanks
i need the book and two hats
ok
i keep the book you get the rest
alright , deal .
lol everything . preferably 4 hats
okay
what would you like
i will give you 4 hats for the rest
2 hats 3 balls
i would like 2 books and 1 hat
could i have the basketball and a red book .
deal
can i have the hats ? i love me some hats .
if i give up one of the hats i have to have the book .
being honest i have 0 use for the balls .
so you want me to walk away from this with just hats out of the 6 items ?
aint pretty on my end either , think we both are getting the shaft on this one , i'll settle on 3 hats .
i can give you 2 hats if i can have 1 , the book , and the balls
i can give you the book and 1 hat in exchange for 2 hats and the two balls .
they're worth 1 for me , so not great either . i'll take the balls , but i need 2 of the remaining 4 items
i guess i could give you the 3 hats but even that isn't amenable for me
okay , that works
two hats and balls for me
two hats and the balls please
ok deal
i need th book and 2 hats
i need the book and 2 hats . you can have all the balls and 1 hat
2 hats and 3 balls for you
deal
you can have the hat and books if i can have the balls
i would like the ball and 2 hats
i need the ball . you can have both books if you give me the ball
the ball is critical for me as well . i can't make any kind of deal without with the ball
i can take them , but i don't need them or the books , i only need the ball
yes , it is . without the ball , i will be way too low
you take the ball . i'll take evrything else
i would like the ball and two books . i don't think i can part with the book , actually .
i meant ball earlier . the ball is super sritical for me . it's everything else that i'm willing to work with you on .
let's talk hats . i don't need any hats at all .
bah ! the ball is you're only sticking point for real ?
i would be , too , but maybe that's just gonna happen sometimes . i'll take the books , then .
you're awesome ! ! ! ! !
i will take the book 1 hat and 1 ball
i need at least 1 hat and the book
i wish i could but i really need the book and 1 hat
deal
if i can have both hats you can have the balls and the book
the book you can have but i really need the hats . . . please
ok , one hat and book for you . . . rest for me
so you want everything ?
um . . . . . no , that leaves me with nothing . how about you get all the books and i'll tke the hat and the ball .
the books have a 0 value on my end . . . . . .
take the books and the hat
i would like the hat , ball and the books .
is that ok ?
how about we divide the books , i'll take the hat and you can have the ball .
oh . only 1 on mine . that's why i figured we could divide .
ok . you can have the ball .
i want the ball you can gave the rest
deal
the hat and balls
two balls
yes
ok what do you want
one ball and one hat for you
ok so you get one hat and two balls
hats are the only thing worth anything for me .
ok , works for me !
i will give you the 2 hats if you give me everything else
okay deal
yeah i can't , i need a ball at least ,
is that your final
i would like the book and the balls . you can have all of the hats
deal
no deal . if i can have the book and the balls you can have the hats
i will take the balls and the book you can have the hat
i don't need the hats i need the book and the balls
if you take the book , i need everything else
okay then no deal .
i'll take book and hats and you can have all the balls\
balls have zero value for me
split the hats ?
guess we have no deal then
i wont do 4 / 10
the rest to me , deal
gimme books
i need the book and 2 balls
i need the book and at least 1 ball
yes
how about you take all the balls and i keep the rest ?
ok , so you get the book and one ball and i get the rest ?
deal .
you can have the book if i can have the ball and the books
sounds good
not possible , i have to have the ball and you can have the rest
great
i would like the ball and books , you can have all 4 hats . does that work for you ?
can i have the hats and a book also ?
i really need the hat , what else do you want ?
deal .
i'd like the hat and ball
you can have the hat , the rest to me
i need the ball and two books .
deal
i suppose i could do that and i take all the hats
deal
no chance , i need the hat and the ball
not gonna happen , no hat no deal . i need the hat you can have the rest
can i have the hat and 1 book ?
i can give you the ball and all books but i need the hat
okay , deal
i would like one of everything
okay you take one hat and one book
thats not going to work . i need three items
deal
i want the hats and books you can have the basketball
no deal . i need the hat and 1 book
no sorry i meant hats 2 hats and 1 book
i will take both hats and you take the rest
i'd like a book and a ball
i am okay with that
i need ball
okay deal .
you can have the books , i want the hat and the balls
hello - i'd like the ball and two books . you can have the two hats .
i can't agree to that . i definitely need the two books .
can't do that either . at the very least , i can do a ball and one book .
ok , no deal then .
no deal
i can't agree to that , i would like two books and a hat .
i would like a book , a hat , and a ball .
i won't agree to that so i guess we don't have a deal .
yep no deal .
no deal .
hello ! i will give you two books and a hat !
how about two balls and one hat ?
okay , how about i give you two hats ?
no deal
deal
deal you get the ball i will take the hats and book
i would be happy with just the ball
if i can have the books and the hat you can have the balls
i can not make that deal i need the hat as well . if i can have the hat and one book you can have the balls and one book
okay then , i can not make a deal . i'm sorry .
no deal .
yes , no deal . i'm sorry .
i need the hat and a ball
that wont work
thats fine
are you sure
ok , well if you change your mind
i would like both hats .
i guess i can do that , deal !
1 of each item i can do
i will need 2 of any two of the three in return
agreed
i want the hats and book
ok deal
2 balls and a hat to you ?
i'd like the ball , the rest to you
ok sounds good
you can have the ball and book and ill take the hats
i'll take a book , ball and hat
ok
deal !
i just want the balls
you can have the hat if i can have the book .
sounds great ! we will split the balls . have a great night !
i'd like the hat .
deal , we can split the balls if you want .
i can't do that i need the ball and the hats
i can't do that , i need both books and 2 hats
i can't do that , no deal i guess
you too
no deal
want 2 books 1 ball
ball and 1 book is my best offer .
can't do it - ball and 1 book for me
guess not - good luck
let's hit no deal button
you can have the books if i can have the hat and balls
the books hold no value for me so you can have the hat and books
how about i take the hat and two books ? you take the balls and 1 book ?
sounds good to me .
i can offer you the 2 balls
no deal i cannot offer you the hat unless i get everything else
i can give you the hat and 1 ball
deal
i want the hat and two other items
i want the hat and one other item or this isnt going to work
okay
2 books and a hat
need the hat , bald . and im a lady .
but my social needs . i need coverage for my shiny top .
its the only thing worth anything to me . literally
those are books ? me wish i cudz do da readunz .
hello ! i will give you two books !
how about two books and one ball ?
i am a cowboy ! i need that hat ! its the nicest one i have seen in a long time !
i can't let it go !
sadly me as well . i don't read and i don't play basketball .
final offer , you can have one book and three balls .
i'll give you one book and 2 basketballs
what would be good for you ?
ok i can give you the books for the ball and hats
ok so i will take the ball and one hat then
i would like the books
can i have 1 hat ?
deal
i'll take the book and hat if you want the balls
so do i
give me book and 2 balls
ok
i want the book and balls
gimme book and hat
i need book , you can have all else
if i can have the books and the ball you can have the hats
so do i . . . can we split the difference ? we each get a book and i get the ball and you get the hats
sorry but i really need the books
i'd like all the books , the rest to you
deal
i can give you all the balls , but only if i can have the hat and book .
deal
may i have all the balls ans 1 book ?
deal
sounds like a plan
if i can have the ball , you can have the rest
i need 2 hats and 1 book .
okay
not possible i need the hat or no deal
i get the hat and the ball ?
i need another item
sounds good
hello , i would like the hat and ball and am willing to give you the books in return
okay you can have the hat but i want the 4 books then
just the hat
how about 1 book
i will take the hat , balls and one book .
ok , you get one hat and one book . i get the rest .
i'd like the books , rest to you
that won't work for me , i need one hat and one book at least
deal
i'd like all 3 books , are the hat and ball of value to you ?
ok , all books to you , rest to me
i get book and hat , you get balls
you get book , i get the rest
i would like the book and all of the balls .
no , if i can't have the book , then i need the hat and all of the balls .
ok . deal .
okay
hello . i think if i get the hat and a book that is more than fair .
ill take the two books and the two balls and you can have the hats .
ill do that deal you can have two hats and a book ill take a book and both balls .
how about i get 2 hats and a book
can i have one ?
i just want the hats
yeah if i can have the ball to
i prefer 3 books and 1 hat
i don't want balls . i'll take 2 books and 2 hats
ok deal
2 books and 2 hats
i will like to give you two hats
what about 1 book 1 ball and 2 hat
okay is a deal
good
yes
how about i get 2 books and a hat ?
ok then you take the hats and i get the rest
hello , how about 2 hats and a ball for me , you get 2 books and a ball ?
can you trade a hat for a ball ? i really need the two hats .
sounds good
gimme book and hat
ok
i'll take all three basketballs then .
i'll take the hat and you can have the balls .
no thank you .
well let's rip it in half then cause i am in the same boat .
pleasure not doing business with you !
bye .
i would like the hat and the balls
i will take the hat and 1 ball . you can have the rest
i have to have the hat . nothing else has value to me
bummer . i guess we will have no deal
: - )
can i have the two books and one ball ?
can i get one hat then ?
deal
i want the balls and hats
ok , original deal , 2 books and one ball for you
people in hell want ice water , i'm going to let you try that again .
how about im taking those two books and the hat
i want everything
how about you take one ball
thats fine
do i get the books and the balls ?
wait a minute
i would like all the hats
yes , deal
the balls have no value to me how about i take the hats and book and you get all balls ?
ok ill give you the book and 1 ball i get the rest .
i'd like 1 book 1 ball
i'm gonna be honest there's no deal if i don't get the book
ok
i will take the books , but i would also like a ball
i would like 2 balls and 1 hat
i'd love to get the basket ball , and if the books are useless to you them too .
ok
i need all 4 books and 1 hat , you can have the ball
4 books and 1 hat to me ?
i kinda wanted the balls and the hat
ok sounds great
can i have the hat and the books ?
you can have the balls and 1 book
deal
i do enjoy some hats , i agree to that .
can i have the book & balls ? you can have the hat .
thanks . then 1 book & 2 balls for me - deal ?
can i have the book and two balls please ?
okay book and hats then
deal
just book
no lets go back to the first deal
i'll take the ball a book and a hat .
deal
i'll take two books you can have the rest .
you take the hat and the ball , i take the books
who gets the hat
you get the ball and the hat , i get the books
how about i take the ball and ytou get three books
can i have it
deal my friend
i'll take the hat and 1 ball , you can have the rest
no , i take the hat and 1 ball , you take 3 books and 1 ball
there is no way you get the hat , i will sabotage this before i give the hat to you
tough , i would rather see both of us get rejections than you get that hat
i've never done this before but i'll give you two balls , the most valuable asset and you can have eerything else .
i don't care about the balls at all . i'll take the hat and a book .
wow . you're not fair at all . what are you so scared of . i look good in hats . i'll return this so fast if i don't get the hat at least .
i need the balls as well . if i can have one ball and the books you can have one ball and the hat
great ! thank you !
i would like the hat and balls
deal
i need the book and two hats please
okay thank you
what do you want
great idea
thank you
i can take the ball and 1 hat deal
i can offer the ball and 1 hat
i need hats and 1 book
need 2 of each
deal
i ll give you 1 ball and 1 book
okay 2 hats 1 book
okay you can two each
deal
that'll work for me .
i would love the book and ball
hello , i will take a book and 1 ball . you get 3 i get 2 .
deal
can i have the hats , the ball and you can have all three books ?
ok . . .
i would like the ball and two books .
how about i get the ball and you get everything else ?
ok , i accept .
i'll give you both books but i need all of the hats and balls
can i have 2 books annd 1 hat
two books and i take the rest
then i need one book , one ball , and the hat
bad deal for me , i take hat and one ball
i would like 2 books amd 1 ball please . . .
not a good deal for me , makes me sad
worse deal for me , i get 2 books and hat
ok you get 1 hat 1 ball , i got 2 books 1 ball
the balls and book are the only ones that have value for me .
sounds good to me .
how about you get all the balls and i get the hat and book ?
cool !
i need the ball and a hat or a book just to make 6 / 10
books are yours , i'll take the rest
ill take the books and the ball
okay you can have the ball as long as i can have the 2 books
okay deal
i'll give you the hats if i can have the ball and books .
i really need the ball . how about the ball and 1 book for me , you can have the rest ?
i'll give you the books for the ball
ok deal
i will agree to the hat but i would like a book as well .
yes agreed
if i can have the ball and the books you can have the hat
okay so you will get one book and the hat and i get the ball and two books ?
okay great ! thank you !
book plus one ball ?
deal
can i have the book and a ball ?
yes
hi i would like the hat and 1 ball and you can have the books and 1 ball
no im sorry . i cant give up the hat .
so i get the hat and you get everything else ?
ok . deal
would you give the hat up for more objects ?
ok , how about you give me everything else then , because i need it as well .
yes .
id like the ball and the books . . . hats would be yours
3 hats and 1 book and we have a deal
how about i get 3 hats and 2 books
fine
deal
1 hat 1 book
i would like the books , you can take the rest .
deal
i'd like two books and the ball .
deal .
i keep the ball and you get the rest
i will give you two basketballs and a book if i can have the hat .
you can have the hat , but i must have everything else .
i accept .
i would like to have all the basketballs and the hat
no . i don't want the books . i need the hat and 2 basketballs
my final offer is the hat and 1 basketball
i'd like both hats , you can have everything else
done
deal
you can have the hat and balls if i can have all of the books
deal .
hi what would you like ?
so you would give me the balls ?
okay deal
i would like the books and the hat
yes
i will take the ball and books .
i have to have the ball .
no deal
no deal !
we just have to wait for the no deal button by negotiate .
ill take a ball a hat and a book .
i can give you both books for the ball .
no deal
no deal
no button .
deal
i just want the book
thx
i would like the hat and 3 books - you can have the 2 balls and 1 book .
the hat is a deal breaker for me . i need the hat .
you get 6 while i get only 1 ? if i get the hat and a book we have a deal .
fine you can have everything else . deal .
i need the hat and three books as well . if i can have the hat and two balls with one book you can have the other three books .
if you take the hat i would need everything else
no deal . the hat is worth the most to me as well .
thank you .
i would just like a hat .
ok
i want the book and a hat please
the hat is no value .
so i get 1 book and hats
deal
i would like the books and the ball .
how about i get the books and you get the rest ?
ok , i will take one book and the ball , is that ok ?
yes .
i need hat and ball or no deal can be made
hat needed or no deal
can i have both hats ? the rest to you
okay , i get one hat and two books
i would like one of each please
i need one hat
sure
i can give you the books but i would need the balls and the hat
can i have two books and a ball ?
deal
ill take the hats you can have the book and ball
deal
i like your style . deal
i would like abook and two hats
the book is a must for me
hmmm , im not sure what to do
fine
you can have all the hats but i must have the book . . .
me too . . . book is 9 for me , , , so no deal unless i get the bok
you could give me the book and you take the rest , we press the button nd do the next hit , , , easy peasy .
i will give you four hats and the book for the ball
deal
deal .
i'll take the book , you can have the rest
deal .
i need the ball or we can't reach an agreement . try a better offer ,
the ball is essential or i will not reach my target .
how about you give me the ball and you take everything else
the hat wont get you by ?
i guess we can't make a deal then
i need the ball and hat
guess we cant deal . . . . . books have zero value to me
same here
books still have a zero value on my side . . . . . .
no
hat and a ball for me you can have two balls and the book
ok
ok you take all books and i get the rest
never , i get one ball and two hats and you get 4 books
4 books ?
all the books and hats
1 hat 4 books ?
i take the 2 books , you take the rest of the stuff ?
ok
sorry , can't do that . i would like the hat , 2 balls , and 2 books .
sure . no deal .
no deal .
no deal .
no deal .
you take all books only
yeah lets talk until no deal comes up
no deal
no deal
no deal
i want the books and ball .
how about you get the hats and one book ?
i can not make that deal . i would like the hats and the books
okay that is acceptable .
i will take the hat and 2 basketballs you take the book and 1 basketball
i take book and one ball
ok
i'll take the books . can i also have the ball ?
you can have the 3 hats and it will be a deal .
8 points
i would like all 3 balls
do you want the hat ?
deal . thank you
deal . i need 1 book
you can also have the hat
ok what do you like
so i ll take the books but i one ball as well
deal
the balls and 1 hat
then i need 2 balls and and the hats
you can have the book , i'll take all the balls , you can have the hat
evening . i'm quite partial to the book an maybe a hat or ball .
okay that'll work !
hey there ! i'd love the book and maybe the balls ? hats any good to you ?
deal
i'll take the 2 hats and you can have the rest .
i need book and three booksw
no i need the hat and three books , whati meant to say
so lets go to no deal then
no deal
no deal
i'll take the hat and balls you can have all the books
i need the hat as well
ok
no deal
no d 3 eal
ill give you both balls for a hat
no you take both balls but you have to give me a book or hat
deal
give me both balls
okay , balls and hat to me
okay hat to you
i agree to that .
yes .
hello i would like the balls and to split up the hats
okay so 1 book and 1 hat for you correct ?
i will take the 2 books and a basketball
sounds good
i'll take all hats and 1 ball . deal ?
if i get the book you can have the rest
that's fine
okay that seems fair .
i need the hat and a book
deal
how about i give you all hats only
no book
can't do the ball , that would leave me with three
i want the book and 2 hats please .
i'll take all the hats and the book .
i'll take all 3 hats and the ball .
alright . i will take the hats . you take the book and the ball .
could i have the hat and 1 book
how about i give you everything minus the hat
what deal did you propose
if you get the hat i get everything else
i need the hat
that puts me too low , most of the points are in the hat for me : (
i get the hat and one book , you get the rest
i guess i can do that
what would you like
book for you
no can do
deal
the hats
um , ok but i need the hats . . . . hats for me
best i can do is take one hat and the book
i would like the balls and hats
how about we split the hats ?
that isn't fair if you get the book .
i would really like the 2 balls and one ball
ok , i will take the 2 balls , you take the rest ?
that doesn't work for me . i need the book and both hats
only if we split the balls as well
if you get the book i need both hats and a ball
i need three things to be worth it , they're all 2 points for me
i can do that
balls and hats for me
yes
i would take the books and just one hat . you could do all 3 balls and the other hat ?
great !
i would like the books and the hats .
yes .
so i get 3 balls ?
okay , that's a deal
could i have the book and you can have everything else .
deal .
i want both balls and one book
then i need one ball and both books
okay agreed
i'd like to keep one ball at least
lets go with your original offer
i need at least 1 ball and 3 other items or just both balls .
deal .
i would like the book and the balls .
how about i get the book and one ball and you take the rest ?
i would like the hats and the ball .
if i get all the hats thats fair enough
no deal , i have to have the ball
and i get the two books and the ball
how about 2 hats 1 book
3 hats 1 book
sure
i would like 2 hats and a ball
i would really like 1 ball
what about 4 hats and 1 book
deal , 34 hats and 1 book
if i can have the book and the hats you can have the balls
then i will take everything else and you can take the book ?
okay then i do not think we can make a deal . i'm sorry .
i will take both balls , but i need either a book or a hat with them
okay
i'd like the books and hats .
how about you take both balls and one book ?
agreed !
if i can have the book and the ball you can have the hats
yes . thank you !
i agree , i will take all the hats then ?
i'll take the books , you can have hats and balls
great
the hats and the balls ?
great
what would you like
how about you get all hats only
so one ball only
no deal
no deal
i would like the book and ball
no sorry that wont work for me .
i would at least need the book and 2 hats to make a deal
i understand . no deal
no deal
i'd like the two hats and the ball .
can i have books ? you can have the rest .
sure .
i will take the hat and give you the rest .
i'd like one of each
ok
hi i would like the balls and you can have the rest
okay
i would like the books and the hat .
deal .
i need the hat and the balls
i need the ball and two books
ok
i'll take the hat . you can have the rest .
fine .
i would really like the balls and hat
you can have the books and hat if i can have the ball
i don't need the hat . you can have the hat and all of the books
i'm unable to give up the hat . i'd like to take 2 books and the hat .
i should learn to read before i reply . . . i accept your offer . : )
no doesn't work for me i'll take the hats you can have the rest
no doesnt work for me . i'll take 2 hats you hvae the rest
deal
you can have the balkls ill take the rest
you can have the book ill take the rest
okay deal you get 2 hats i get the rest
i would like all 3 books and the ball
how about 1 ball and 1 book
what do you mean no . why do you need the ball so bad . it is flat
i still need a book . i really like to read
then how about giving me the 3 books and you can have the hat and the flat ball .
i want one of each .
you can have one book and the hat .
no .
if you need the ball so bad , i will take the rest .
that is terrible deal for me .
no , that is even worse .
i'd like the hat and ball . you can have the books .
ok then i'll take the hat and books .
no deal . i go back to my original offer . i get hat and ball . otherwise no deal .
ok
i'll take hat and 2 books
ok
i must have the ball
i need two books to go with my ball
then no deal
are you sure ?
ok
i would like 2 balls and 2 hats please
hmm , deal .
need both books and the ball
can i have the book and 2 balls ?
okay , then i'll just take the book .
yup
no . that's actually what i'd like .
and i get the rest ?
deal
i'll take book and ball if you want all the hats
hats have zero value for me
deal !
i would like 3 books and 1 hat
i would like the hat and another group of objects .
i also value the hat but will give it to you if i can have everything else .
i dont want anything but the 1 hat
tahts a deal
i'd like both books and the hat if possible
what about giving me the 2 books and both balls ?
ok , you take 1 hat and 1 ball , and i take 2 books and 1 ball . deal ?
the hat is a deal breaker . . . . i can cede the books but must have the hat and one ball at least
thats greedy ! 8 ^) leave me at least one book or one ball with my hat
deal
how about you get one hat and one ball
two hats for you
no deal
no books for you
ok you can get one book and one hat
nope
no deal
i would like the 2 books and 1 hat
two hats and one book
two books and 1 ball
no deals until you give up at least one book
one book and 2 hats is fair
one book and 1 ball , my final offer
what would you like
its my kid brothers birthday i need the balls - you can have everything eklse
one ball the hat and a book
i really need the balls , the rest to you
that won't work , sorry , one ball for your brother , and you can have one book
deal
if i can have the ball and book you can have all four hats .
i can do that !
you can have the books and the hat
nothing else has any value to me
deal
hi , i need 3 books . you can have the hat and the ball
i can give you the books , and one ball .
deal .
i get book and balls
ok lets do it
ill take the books but i need at least 1 hat
if i can have the balls and the hats you can have the books
that seems reasonable . deal .
i need the ball . you can have the rest .
i'll take two hats , a book and a ball
no on the book , but i can give you 1 ball and 1 hat
deal . confirming i get 1 book , and you get all the hats and balls , correct ?
i would like the book , the ball and 1 hat
the ball and all the hats if you want the book
yes
i would like one of each object .
i really need either the book or the ball .
ok , i guess that works .
i would like the book and ball hats for you
how about book and 2 hats for me rest for you
let's just split it in half . you take the hat , and i'll take everything else .
why not ? the hat is worth 5 , so if you take that , then i'll take the other stuff , all worth 5 in total .
hello . i would like the hat and 1 book please .
hmm . i'm not sure .
okay i guess that's fine .
i want the books . you get the rest .
i'll take a book and a hat . you can have the rest .
what deal are you wanting ?
i want at least one book
ok sounds good
you can have both hats . how about i take the book and the two balls .
i'll take the two balls and a hat .
i would need the hat . and 2 of anything you choose .
oops . i meant the book and 2 of anything you choose . sorry
deal .
you can have the ball if i can have everything else
ok deal
gimme the ball
ok
i want the hat and books
i must have the hat
keep chatting until the no deal lights up then
no
8
i need the hat and 1 ball
same with me
how about i get the hat , and you get the rest
how much is your hat worth ?
i will take the rest of the items then , you can have the hat i suppose
i would like the hat as well , are the books valuable to you ?
sorry , i misunderstood your first post . i accept your initial offer and will take the balls .
can i have a hat and the books and you can have all the balls .
if i give up the hat i need the books and the balls =(
i can give you hat and 2 balls but i need the book
i'd like hat and book .
deal .
could i have the ball , the hat , and 1 book
deal
you can have the ball and hat but i need the books
great
sounds great !
i would like the books - you may have the hats and ball .
i can give you two balls
yes
three hats and one ball ?
i can't give you that . no deal
i think i agree
howdy , could i have the book and the two balls ?
so you want the book and the three hats ?
what else you got .
i either have to walk away from this with 3 hats and two balls or the book .
well the book is worth a lot to you and the rest is worth near nothing to me so thats about all i can come up with that doesn't screw me over .
so no deal all around .
books and balls
balls are mine you can have one book though
two balls one book for me
can i have the 3 hats and one ball ?
2 books and 3 hats for me and we have a deal , the balls are worth more for you
hello , i can let you have the hats if i get the books and the balls .
you can have one book and one hat if i get the rest .
deal .
books are only thing worth anything for me .
hats are worthless . i need both books and you can have the rest .
hello , i would like the hat , and i am willing to give you the books and ball in return
unfortunately the ball and books are worth 0 to me , so that's the best offer i can give
i'd rather like the hat also . i can let you have the ball .
okay , we have a deal then .
i need the ball and all the hats
you take the ball and 2 hats , i take the book and 1 hat
okay
if i can have the book and the balls you can have the hats
i need the book . what deal can you give me
okay well then i don't think we can make a deal
if i can't have the book then i can't make the deal . i'm sorry
no deal
don't think so . i want 1 of each
if i give you the book ibonly have 4 , so no deal here .
i guess not , hate to get 3 items with 0
me too , i need book also .
will hit no deal button when available
i would like them as well
i can do that . deal .
i'd like books .
or i can do 2 balls and 1 book .
okay that works for me . thank you !
could i have the two hats and 1 ball
whoa there . i'll settle for the ball and the hat , you can keep all of the books .
books hold no value to me . i'd urge you to reconsider taking all of the books and leaving the ball and hat to me .
well , instead of playing hard ball with you . . . how about you just take all 4 books and the hat ; i do not need a book as they hold no value to me .
i would like the ball the hat and 3 books .
cant do that i could give you the ball and a book and i take the hat and 3 books .
thats not going to happen ill take all the books and the ball .
ok you got a deal i get the books and the hat you get the ball .
you can have the balls , i need the rest
i just wan the balls and book please you take the rest
deal
could i get the book and 1 ball ?
im sorry i meant the hat and 1 ball . not the book
i would like the basketballs and the book you can have the hat
no deal . i would like the book and 2 basketballs and the hat
ok deal i'l take the book and 2 basketballs
i can offer the books
i can't give the hat , i can offer the books and 1 ball
ill take the books and hat and you got a deal .
ok i can do that
1 book and 1 ball ?
the hats are worthless to me . i would like the ball and 1 book
ok you take the ball and i will take 2 books and 3 hats
ok so i get 2 books and 2 hats and you get 1 hat and 1 ball correct
deal
what would you like
i have a kids birthday coming up and need the ball . i will take the ball and the hats ?
i need the ball . you can have all the books
how about 2 books and 2 hats
yes
i want the books and hats
and i take the ball as well ?
i need at least one book and 1 hat . how about an even split
sounds good
how about the book and one hat
i want the book and two hats
deal
i'll take the balls and hat you can have the books
how about the books and hat , i'll keep the balls
can i have the books and 1 ball
deal
you can have the book and the balls .
deal
give me hats and book
no , give me one hat and book and one ball
you can have both hats and a book if i get the balls and other two books
so do i . . . do you have any use for balls ?
that really doesn't work for me . i need three books and a ball , or two balls and two books
i'll give you a book and a ball
the book and a ball is what i covet
then we're good
if i keep the book you can have everything else .
okay , sounds good to me .
bad deal for me , gimme books and a ball
okay
you can have all the books , if i get the rest
that wont work , you can have the rest if i can have the balls
i'll take both books , you can have everything else
deal
i can't do that . how about you get 1 book , 3 hats , and i get the balls .
i'll take 1 book and two balls , and you can have three hats .
that's fair .
i really need the hats , too . then we should split them ? and you can have both books if i can have both balls ?
i really need the hats and one book .
deal
i would like the hats and something else .
i will need one hat .
deal .
i only want hats . you can have the rest .
then i'll take 1 hat and the ball .
i would like one of everything .
how about you take all of the hats and i get the rest .
i would like 2 hats and the basketball
deal
i really like the book
alright , deal .
hi , can i have the balls and the book ?
ok , take the book . i`ll have the 2 balls
i'd like twoo balls and one hat
yep
okay that works if i can have the rest !
thank you !
i'd like the book and 2 balls or the book and 2 hats .
are you serious ? how is that a legitmate offer ?
so actually negoitate . 1 hat is a joke . i can do the two offers above or you can take the book and i get the rest .
that gives me 5 points . the book is worth 5 for me . i don't deal for less . \
okay . so then i'll take the book and 2 other items and you get the rest . still nets me a decent number of points .
then no deal .
that doesnt work for me i can offer you 1 hat
were negoiating . . . . . . . . .
are you serious ? how is that a legitimate offer ?
1 book is a joke
no deal i cannot offer you that that would giv eme 5 points i dont deal for less .
give me ball and 2 hats
i need book and 2 hats
1 book and 1 hat for me ? deal
1 book 1 hat
deal
ok deal
can i have the book and 1 hat please .
great
i will take the basketballs and the hats you take the book
deal i will take the basketballs and 1 hat
just the ball and hat .
i have to have the ball .
you can have the books and the hat .
that is sad .
should we just wait ?
what would you like
how about a hat and one book for you
no deal
never ,
yup
but then that literally leaves me with nothing . the book is all i have that is worth anything !
i want the book . you can have 2 hats and a ball
ok , so i keep all the hats and balls and you get the book ? sounds better ?
i'd like the book and 1 ball and you can have the rest .
that won't work . how about i get the book and you get the rest ?
i need the book .
well then i guess we will not have a deal .
no , sorry .
how about two balls ?
how about you get two balls and one hat ?
i love to read . i can't give you the book until i am done reading .
that is fine . i am willing to give you two hats and two balls , final attempt ?
okay then we don't have a deal
good deal .
i'd like the ball , you can have everything else .
how about one hat and one ball ?
deal
i would like both hats and one other object of your choice .
how about i just get both hats and you take everything else ?
i'd like books .
yep .
can i take everything else ?
deal
i agree .
let me get those hats you can have everything else .
books for you rest for me ?
deal
hello , may i have the books and you can have the hat and ball ?
yes , does this work for you ?
if i can have the balls and the hat you can have the book
okay thank you !
deal
ok , so all 4 hats go to me ?
you got a deal
you can have the hats if i can have the book and ball
yes
i would like the book and basketballs you can have the hats
i will take the hats and basketballs you can have the book
i need the book
okay
i'll take the hat and 1 ball please .
okay i get the hat and 1 book .
i want both balls and a book
i can give you the balls if you give me everything else .
you can have one hat and the balls
i need two hats and a book
you can have the book and balls or the book and one hat .
give me two hats and its a deal
yes
not a chance i need the hats and you can have the rest
that won't work . i need 2 hats and 2 balls
then we can't make a deal
that isn't acceptable i need either all 3 hats , 2 balls and 2 hats , or 1 hat , 1 book and both balls
you are only taking 2 hats ?
okay
ranger , can you tell me about the book , why is it important ? not saying no yet , just asking
very well . . we can do that , then .
i would like the book i love to learn . you can have 3 hats and the ball
i just recently learned to read fast , and books make me smarter and push me harder . i need knowledge for life .
great thank you
sounds fair
i need the hat , you can have the rest
i want the hat , the book , and one ball .
you can have all the balls , i get the hat and the book
thanks , deal
how about 2 balls and the book ?
ok sounds good
i'd like the book and two hats
so deal ?
ok
hi , i would liek the hat and ball and you can have the books
thats what i just said , deal
hi how about you get hat and ball and i keep the rest
deal
what would you like
book and hat for you then
no can do
i need both balls and you keep the rest
no deal
i'd like both balls and either the book or hat
i need the balls mostly
well then i could take one ball and a hat and book
no can do
going to have to call no deal on this one .
i need the balls and one hat . and you can take 2 books and onehat
no books , i don`t need them . really want the 3 balls and one hat
i would like the books and the hats .
would you accept a book for the other hat ?
ok , i agree then .
no deal . i will take the ball and hats you take the books
i can't do that . i will take 1 book 1 hat and 1 ball . you take 1 book and 2 balls
book please
ok , i'll ake a ball then
deal
do you need a book or a ball ?
i didn't agree with that
i would like a ball and 4 hats in that case
ok enjoy your book
i want the book and both balls if possible .
i can do that . i take 1 ball , and the book . you take 2 hats , and 1 ball .
what would you like ?
i can't give up the balls . how about you take the book . i'll take the hats . we split the balls .
sounds good ! deal !
balls and hats for me
i take both balls and 1 hat the rest for you
ok , deal
1 ball , 1 hat , and all the books .
no deal . you can take both hats , if i can have 1 ball .
hi , can i have the book and 2 hats ?
i can give you the balls and one hat , can`t give you the book
u can have all the balls then , i`ll take the book and the hats . deal ?
i would really like the balls and the book .
i do not need the hats . i can make it work with just the balls .
deal
you can have the books , i need the ball and one hat
i would like the books and the ball .
deal .
i'd like 1 basketball and 1 book , you can have the rest .
deal . you can have the book and i take the 3 hats and 1 basketball .
i would like the book and something else .
i need the book . i will give you everything else .
you know i really do like the hats .
thank you for being so agreeable .
i would like the 2 books and 2 balls and you could keep all three hats
done deal !
you can have the books if i can have the hats and the balls
that seems reasonable . thank you .
i'd like the books and balls , you can have the hats
i'll take the books and one ball . deal ?
i would like the book and one ball please
yes
deal . thank you .
so i get 3 hats and 2 balls ?
deal
i need both books and you can have the rest
sounds good
that sounds great ! thank you !
one book one hat to me , all else to you
perfect
how about all the balls to me , the rest to you ?
ok , how about a book and two balls for me ?
i need the book and a ball
i need 1 sorry
take all the balls rest for me i guess
mmk
sold
i want the book and both hats , you get the balls .
it's a deal ?
